      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
Haunted Ends
Dead in the Water



Prolog
      
      The harsh ocean wind blew sheets of ice across the weather-worn deck of the Serpent’s Cross. After six centuries at sea, it was a wonder the ship managed to stay afloat. The crashing waves enveloped the bow, sending fish flopping across the weather-worn deck. Fish of all shapes and sizes flew onto the rotten deck, flopping frantically as they gasped their last breaths. One by one they skipped across the bare, splintered planks. Some stabbed and mercifully put out of their misery by the splintered wood of the deck while others continued to wash back in forth, eventually falling between the decaying holes and gaps. One false step would send an unknowing sailor plummeting to the decks below. No one on board needed to worry about that though. 
      Two long figures stood sentry in the crow's nest high above. The wind tormented the near threads that once served as sails. One of the men stepped into the light of the full moon. His eyes white like the foam on the waves. He lifted a shaking finger towards the horizon, his skin mere leather attached to bleached bone. He elbowed the man beside him.
      “Look,” he hissed.
      The other man stood beside him, staring out into the ocean. Unlike the first man, he had no skin. Only the old uniform of an English naval officer held him tightly together, or he would be nothing more than a pile of bone. He raised his hand to his forehead, blocking the light of the moon so he could see where his friend pointed, even though he had no eyes to see.
      Two miles in the distance, a white frigate bobbed vicariously among the waves. Along the side of the frigate was a name written in black lettering, South Winds.
      Blinding light from the South Winds burned across the deck of the Serpent’s Cross, sending the two in the crow's nest reeling back into the shadows. The light swept across the ship’s deck then back again, searching for anyone on board. The light paused when they spotted the two men in the crow's nest. 
      “Identify yourselves!” A voice ordered from a loudspeaker in six different languages from the South Winds.
      The two men turned to each other, unsure what to do. As they turned back, the man in the English navel uniform left arm fell away from his body. Both watched it tumble to the deck below and explode in a cloud of dust. As if it meant nothing to him, he turned back to the frigate.
      The spotlight scanned the ship, revealing the mangled name of the ship, Serpent’s Cross. Along the masthead was a carved image of a coiled serpent. The spotlight flashed away, jumping to the bow where fifty sailors stood, all in various stages of decay. 
      ”Turn around! Turn around!” screamed a man from the deck of the South Winds.
      A large plume of smoke rose from the deck of the Serpent’s Cross, shooting towards the South Winds with mad fury. The smoke surrounded the crew of the South Winds, whisking them into the sky. The bodies of the sailors flew about, tossed against each other like bags of lifeless grain.
      One by one the sailors of the South Winds dropped from the sky, some onto their own deck, some into the frigid waters of the Pacific ocean. The wind carried six of the men over to the deck of the Serpent’s Cross, dropping them at the feet of the undead crew.
      The six men all slowly rose from the deck, shaken and bloody from their experience. The skeletons of long dead sailors converged around them, drawing the sailors of the South Winds closer together into a tight circle.
      “That’s no way to treat the new crew,” called a deep, vibrating voice from beyond the sailors made of bone.
      The group of South Wind sailors all turned to the main mast of the Serpent’s Cross where a shadowy figure of a man dressed head to toe in black stood. He wore a long, black coat straight out of the days when pirates the likes of Black Beard and Captain Kidd roamed the seas. There was no question he was the captain. He wore no eye patch even though his skull no longer held eyes. He stared at the crew through his dark caves that once served as chalices for his eyes. 
      “Welcome aboard, mates!” 



Chapter One
      Dust and smog draped across the desert skyline, making it difficult to clearly see the mountains in the distance. From the roof of the moving van, Sam watched as the wind swirled around them. Within its’ grasp, the wind carrying with it a white plastic bag. For a moment, Sam watched the bag intently as if he were trying to make out the face of an old acquaintance.
      “Someone you know?” Rocky asked. He was seated behind the wheel in the moving van, watching the bag too and thought, if only briefly, that the bag resembled a ghost.
      “Funny. No. It does look a little creepy, doesn’t it?” he returned. 
      “You would be the expert in what’s creepy,” Rocky called as he opened the van door. He stepped out of the van to knock the sand out of his sneakers. 
      “Because I’m a ghost or that I reside in a haunted hotel.” Sam poked his head over the driver’s side roof of the van. From Rocky’s angle and because of Sam’s small size, he looked like a cat stuck in a tree. 
      “Both,” Rocky answered.
      Sam rolled his eyes. “This is boring. When is this guy going to show?” 
      Rocky shrugged as he slipped back on his shoe. He tossed his long white braid over his shoulder, then ran his hands over the top of his spiky hair. “Hell if I know. He said ten. I’ll give him till 10:30. I don’t want to wait much longer or we’ll get caught out here in the heat. I hate to sweat.”
      “What if he doesn’t show until eleven?” Sam returned.
      “Hey, Rocky, I think that’s your guy,” Marcus spoke up from the passenger’s seat inside the van. His cocoa skin glistened with sweat as he pointed to a large white moving truck heading their way.
      The old truck pulled into the parking lot of the gas station they were parked in and a heavyset man with a shiny bald head and a red T-shirt jumped out. 
      “You Rappaport?” the man called to Rocky.
      Rocky raised his right hand. “I’ll be right back,” he told Sam as he walked over to talk to the man.
      Sam slipped through the roof and into the driver’s seat of the van. “Why is it whenever he does this, it feels like we’re in the middle of a drug deal?” he asked, startling Marcus beside him. 
      “In a way it is. Rocky is on this kick of finding haunted objects. As long as they’re not cursed, I say let him have his high,” Marcus mentioned.
      Sam stared at him, attempting to understand his comment. He decided to watch Rocky instead. “If you say so. All I know is now that I don’t have a body, a lot of people I know have been losing theirs as well,” he mentioned in a grumble.
      “How so?” Marcus asked. This time his camera on his lap was rolling, filming Sam.
      “Six people have had heart attacks when they heard me but couldn’t see me. Thankfully, none of them died. But there will come a time…” he trailed off as he watched Rocky open the back of the truck. The back of the truck opened with a long metal screech and a sharp bang as the door smacked against the side of the truck, causing the entire van to vibrate.
      Two men carried a five foot tall by eight foot wide painting wrapped in white burlap over to the truck while Rocky handled payment with the first man. The van’s doors slammed shut, rattling the van. Rocky walked back, waved to the men, then opened the door.
      “You need anything from the mart, Marcus?” Rocky asked. 
      Marcus grunted as he fiddled with his camera. “Uh, yeah. Grab me a coffee and an apple,” he decided.
      Rocky was about to walk to the mini mart when his phone vibrated in his pocket. The sensation startled him at first which caused him to gasp. He grabbed for the phone, holding it to his ear.
      “Who’d call you?” Sam asked.
      “Ha, ha. Everyone, lately, so it seems.” Rocky sneered as he glanced at his phone. Deep scowl lines formed around his lips when he saw who it was. “Oh,” he sighed. “I’ll give you one guess,” he grumbled as he placed the phone to his ear. “How’s it going, Rose?”
      “Don’t tell her where we are. Whatever you do, don’t—” Sam whispered, waving his hands at chest level to keep Rocky from talking.
      “Awe, well,  we’re in Vegas at the moment,” Rocky admitted.
      Sam slapped his hand across his forehead. “You’re such an idiot,” he gasped. “She’s going to make us go back to San Francisco immediately, I guarantee it.”
      Rocky turned away from Sam so he wouldn’t be bothered. “No, we were detoured and it took us a few extra days to get here. Moonbeam needed a lift to Flagstaff…. No, Moonbeam. You know, Sam’s girlfriend? The ghost we met in that truck stop in Barstow. No, the restaurant with the bad BLTs. Yeah, that’s the one.”
      “She’s not my girlfriend,” Sam barked, crossing his arms over his chest. “Just because she’s attractive, and dead, doesn’t mean she’s my girlfriend!”
      “Did you want her to be?” Marcus asked low as he filmed the conversation.
      Sam shook his head, but realized that Marcus couldn’t see him. “My girlfriend? Nah.” He waved Marcus on. “It doesn’t matter how attractive a ghost is, she had too many years on me. It’s hard to have romantic feelings for someone who died before I was born,” he admitted low. 
      Marcus nodded, an expression on his dark face that looked like his mind was being tied in knots. Instead of responding, he turned his attention back to his camera.
      Rocky, half listening, shook his head, amused at their conversation. “Well, one thing led to another and we ended up in Vegas. Wally located a painting I’ve been searching for. It was hanging in a hotel they’re about to bulldoze. I decided to pick it up along the way. Sam’s also never been here before, so we staid a few extra days to celebrate his death day.”
      “Hang up before she traces the call. The last thing we want is for her to send her dogs to chase us down,” Sam whispered. 
      Rocky placed his hand over the microphone. “She heard you!” he scolded. “Oh, no, he didn’t just call you a bitch. Only that you have dogs.”
      “Well, you know, if the collar fits,” Sam snickered back.
      Rocky covered the phone’s microphone again. “What the fuck, Sam? Are you trying to get me murdered?” he mouthed. Sam returned with an I could care less shrug. 
      Rocky glared hard at Sam as he continued talking on the phone. “Its… its nothing, Rose. Ignore it. He’s having a good time and doesn’t want to leave. Um, what was that? Oh, Marcus?” He glanced around, noticing Marcus was filming them from the front seat of the moving van. “Sure. Hold on.” He placed his hand over the microphone. “Boss wants to talk to you,” he said, handing the phone up to Marcus through the open window.
      Marcus hesitantly held the phone to his ear. “Uh, hello?”
      “You get their butts back to San Francisco by tomorrow morning or they’ll be hell to pay!” she yelled so loud that even Sam could hear her.
      “Ask if they take credit,” Sam called out, frightening two men on motorcycles as they drove by them in the parking lot. Both nearly crashed into each other, attempting to find the source of Sam’s voice. 
      Marcus handed Rocky back his phone, looking quite stunned. “She hung up. I don’t think I’ve ever heard her so pissed off before.”
      “She’ll get over it,” Sam snipped. “What casino are we heading to next? I’m ready to spread some bad luck,” he said as he rubbed his small hands together.
      “You really are a troll, aren’t you?” Rocky accused, having to look down at his thigh to see Sam standing beside him.
      “Guys, we’re not going anywhere except home. You heard the boss-lady. I’m not about to tell her no-can-do and risk not getting a paycheck next month,” Marcus called out the window.
      “You’re siding with her?” Sam asked in a deceived gasp. “I thought you were our friend.”
      Marcus nodded shyly, turning his eyes to his camera. “Hell yes I am, yah, all the way. It’s just, well, Sam, you’re dead and he has money… which makes you both untouchable to Rose. She needs you, but neither of you need her. I still have to make a living. I can’t afford an apartment on one salary in San Francisco. I need this job to survive.”
      “Somehow I believe this was a setup. Rose told you to come with along to keep an eye on us,” Sam accused.
      “Partly…” Marcus rolled his head jerkily on his thick neck, “…and I really did want to come along. It’s really cool hanging with you guys,” he admitted.
      Rocky chuckled, finding the situation amusing. He never gave it much thought, but what Marcus said about them being untouchable made sense. 
      “That sounds like Rose. He is right, Sam. We had our fun. It’s time to head home,” Rocky encouraged. 
      “Fine!” Sam huffed as he disappeared.
      Rocky lifted his body into the moving van with the aid of a handle near the windshield. “It was inevitable, Sam. We have to return sometime. Be grateful we managed a ten days away,” he called out, unsure of where his friend had disappeared to. 
      He scooted back into the driver’s seat, preparing for the long drive ahead. He paused, his pasty brow wrinkling in thought as he turned to Marcus. 
      “You have a girlfriend or a roommate?” he asked.
      Marcus was only half paying attention as he switched out the battery pack in his camera. “Something like that,” he returned cryptically. “You know how to get back or do I need to look it up?”
      “95 to the 6, I believe. I’ll follow the GPS. We should make it back by midnight,” Rocky explained as he programmed the truck’s dashboard GPS. All the while Sam was moaning in the back seat. 
      “I’m tempted to record a sound clip of this,” Marcus mentioned to Rocky in a whisper.
      Rocky couldn’t help but chuckle. Sam did sound rather pathetic. “Oh, come off it, Sam. We’ll return in a few months, I promise,” he called over his shoulder to Sam. 
      “Say it like you mean it,” Sam whined. “Why can’t we ever have any fun? It’s always work, work, work. I work more now that I’m dead than when I was alive.”
      Marcus rewound his video footage he took on his camera, pausing on a scene depicting Sam floating like a madman through a pool area of one of the hotels. 
      “What are you talking about? It looks like you had a great time. I’m suggesting this footage be titled Ghost Gone Wild. I must have like ten hours of this stuff,” Marcus said.
      “Ha! What?” Sam materialized between Marcus and Rocky so he could gain a better view of the video. “Did I really do that?” he asked, pointing to a pool filled with hotel staff still in their uniforms. All looked quite perturbed and slightly stunned. 
      “We had to change rooms twice, remember?” Rocky mentioned as he pulled the van out onto the highway.
      Sam shook his head in shock. “No. Why don’t I remember?” 
      “You tore through the beach like a banshee. You never looked back to see the chaos you left in your wake,” Marcus mentioned.
      Sam nodded, trying to recall what happened. “Uh, maybe you’re right. We… we have a hotel opening to plan.” He disappeared, leaving Rocky and Marcus to wonder what happened. 
      Several hours later, Rocky stared blankly out the window of the moving van. Darkness hung thick in the sky only yielding slightly for the ominous glow of the full moon. Rocky glanced to the seat next to him to see if Marcus was asleep. Marcus’ arms were wrapped around his camera as if he were hugging it.
      Rocky was surprised that he didn’t feel tired. Then he glanced down at the cup holder, realizing that he had drank four thirty-two ounce cups of soda and not one of them were decaffeinated. He raised his pale hand to the radio as they passed a street lamp. His hand was shaking like an off-center washing machine.
      “I think he’s going to be a bachelor for the rest of his life,” Sam mentioned. He slowly materialized between Rocky and Marcus, standing on the passenger’s seat while he watched out the window. 
      A thick mist spread across the freeway, causing difficulty to see the lines on the road. Rocky only had two seconds to see which line came next. He squinted, trying to focus on the road. 
      “Why do you say that?” he asked, but his attention was on the road.
      “Not many men sleep with a camera,” Sam pointed out, motioning to the back seat where Marcus was curled against his camera, his left arm hanging over his equipment bag. 
      Rocky chuckled. “Uh, well, I wouldn’t say that. I’ve had some rough nights when all I could find was a camera bag to rest my head on,” he smirked.
      “Say…” Marcus paused in mid-yawn, “…what?” He wiped his hands over his dark face to clear the sleep from his bloodshot eyes. He moved his hand, knocking into his camera. The camera started to fall, but he managed to grab it before it hit the floorboard. 
      “Good catch,” Rocky returned with a jittery voice.
      Marcus reached into the front seat, taking the nearly-empty cup of soda. “How many of these things have you had?” he asked.
      “Four,” Rocky returned abruptly. “Hey, we’re, we’re almost back. Do you want me to drop you off at, at your place or I can give you a room at the Juniper,” he offered. 
      Marcus shook the sleep from his eyes. “It’s good. I’ll grab a ride from the Juniper. I don’t live too far from there,” he mentioned.
      “Oh, really? Where do you live?” Sam asked.
      “Near 28th and Summit,” Marcus replied.
      “Oakland? You live in Oakland?” Sam blurted back.
      Marcus looked towards the window. “Again, you’re dead and he has money,” he pointed out. “Just drop me off at the Juniper and I’ll app a ride,” he said.
      “You sure?” Rocky asked, meanwhile glaring over at Sam for being insensitive. 
      Marcus waved him on as he adjusted his camera in his case. It was obvious he was trying to ignore Sam. 
      The van pulled into narrow alley behind the hotel. To Rocky’s delight, the outside of the hotel had been painted and there were new lights inside the hotel’s Art Deco neon Juniper Hotel sign.
      Rocky hopped out of the truck, feeling his aching hips and thighs pulsate within his blue jeans. It was then he realized he should have stopped off at least once just to stretch his legs. He was immediately pounced on by the hotel’s floating den mother, Aleece. He had to take a step back or he would have walked through her. 
      “Where have you been?” she barked with urgency, her transparent hands on her heavy brown skirt. 
      “We had to pick up a few things, why?” Rocky asked as he grabbed his knapsack from the backseat.
      “You should have been here, that’s why!” she yelled, her voice vibrating the side panel of the van.
      Marcus stumbled over from the other side of the van. For once he didn’t have his camera rolling. He waved to Rocky. “I’ll catch you later,” he called as he walked towards the street.
      Rocky waved back. “Later.” He glanced back to Aleece. “I left Wally in charge. As I can see, the Juniper is still in one piece. So what’s with the drama?” he asked, motioning to her demanding stance. 
      “You'll, you'll see soon enough,” she insisted as she disappeared. 
      Sam appeared next to Rocky, smirking over Rocky’s conversation. “So much for a warm welcome home. What was she going on about?”
      Rocky shrugged. “I have no idea, but I’m sure we’ll find out. Now I’m wishing we’d staid in Vegas a few weeks longer.”
      Within the hotel everything was quiet, maybe a little too quiet for a place haunted by over a hundred ghosts. The new albino night desk host, Albert, was watching a movie on his cell phone while two glowing specters watched on from over his shoulder. 
      “Albert,” Rocky called out, startling Albert. His phone went flying out of his hands and into the air. 
      Sam dashed over, catching the phone before it could smash against the dark maple wood check-in counter. 
      “Sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you,” Rocky called as he approached, his voice echoing within the three-story lobby. 
      Sam handed Albert back his phone. “He has that effect on people,” he joked. 
      Albert took back his phone, nodding steadily. His eyes were wide with surprise, not from the phone incident, but from something else. “Uh, okay. You’re Sam, right?”
      “This coming from a ghost? Some days, I swear,” Rocky scoffed. “Yah, Albert this is Sam, my… partner,” he scowled. He turned his attention back to the quiet lobby. “Aleece met me by my van claiming there were problems while I was away,” he questioned. 
      Albert shrugged, his pudgy bottom lip protruding as he thought. “No, it’s been quiet around here, as far as I could tell. I worked here the last few nights and haven’t seen anything out of the ordinary… for this hotel, I should say.”
      “I wonder what she’s talking about,” Sam asked. 
      “Hum.” Rocky shrugged, then glanced to the bar, noticing that the plastic had been removed from in front of the doorway. “Is Wally around?”
      “In room 211 grabbing some shut-eye. Shark’s still here, stocking shelves,” he mentioned. 
      Albert’s phone started playing again. Rocky flexed his hand to see it and Albert hesitantly handed it to him. “Some of the guys requested it, so I found an old copy online.”
      Rocky chuckled when he saw what he was watching. “What is this, 1922?”
      “25,” Albert corrected. “Someone mentioned they saw the original on Broadway. One even said he knew the Phantom himself, which prompted a whole other discussion if he was really a ghost.”
      “I bet. If he wasn’t then he is now,” Sam pointed out. “Hey, I have some friends I need to catch up with. I’ll see you tomorrow.” With that, Sam disappeared. 
      “Night, Sam,” Rocky called out dismissively as he handed Albert back his phone. “Try not to make a habit of it. I don’t want our guests to get the wrong impression. I’ll be,” Rocky pointed over to the bar. Albert waved him on. 
      As he was walking away, he could hear the phone return to playing the movie. Rocky glanced back to see one of the spirits was now holding up the phone to watch while Albert was cleaning the check-in counter. It gave him a great idea that he would have to revisit tomorrow when he wasn’t so exhausted. If it wasn’t for all of the soda he was certain he would have been face down in his pillow. 
      The inside of the bar was finished except for the tablecloths and linen. Shark, a tan, muscular behemoth-sized man in his late thirties, was standing behind the bar cleaning wine glasses. He had to keep his head down to keep from knocking off glasses that were hanging from above. 
      Shark gave a quick chin-thrust over to Rocky. “Hey, Rockman. We thought you skipped town on us,” he started.
      Rocky took a seat at one of the red cushioned bar stools seated around the bar, which sat directly in the middle of the room. He gazed around the room, breathing a deep sigh of relief that everything looked so good.
      “I was tempted, man. I was tempted. It looks like everyone managed without me,” he mentioned.
      Shark chuckled as he set a cold bottle of beer on the bar in front of Rocky. He continued cleaning, reaching down to grab another case of glasses. 
      “If you say so. We had some problems with the female staff you hired and the female staff that expired. Apparently, Shannon, the woman you hired to head up the cleaning staff, rubbed Melody the wrong way. I thought for sure it was going to come to blows, but,” he set the case on the bar, “I remembered Melody had nothing to hit with or on,” he pointed out. 
      Shark lifted the lid off the crate and began unpacking souvenir drink glasses in the shape of ghosts. “It was interesting watching an argument with a disembodied voice,” he added.
      Rocky dropped his forehead to the bar top, then shook his head. “Story of my life. Great, just great!” he grumbled. “Shannon was medium and had over twenty years experience in housekeeping. Where am I going to find another person to take her place?” he huffed.
      “Why does she have to go?” Shark said then raised his hand. “Never mind. It’s not like you have a choice who to keep around,” he smirked. 
      “How about your old girlfriend? Now that Wally’s closed the War’s Whore, she’ll need a job, right?” Rocky mentioned.
      Shark shook his head. “No can do. She ran off with some truck driver named Hank,” he said, shaking his head as if he was still upset over his breakup. “Good riddance too! I can’t believe I ever… you know, never mind.” 
      “Oh… sorry to hear.” Rocky paused, noticing the jukebox in the corner of the bar had turned on. “Heard it was authentic,” he mentioned.
      Shark glanced at the jukebox from over his shoulder. “As in haunted? Yah. Dave shows up when the mood serves him. For the most part, he stays to himself,” he mentioned. “Hey, I wanted to ask you… I’ve decided to go back to school. Would you mind if I come in at eight instead of six on Monday’s and Wednesdays? I have a lab that runs a little late.”
      Rocky shrugged dismissively, his attention on the jukebox. He slid off his barstool and sauntered over to the jukebox. “Those are dead nights, so sure. Come in early on the weekend if you want to make up the time. Arrange it with…” he paused, noticing the jukebox wasn’t plugged in, yet the lights were on, “…Wally. Does it always do that?” he asked, picking up the cord to show Shark.
      “Do you mind?” asked a voice from behind Rocky.
      Rocky spun around to see a short, dark-skinned fellow wearing a tan derby hat and a suit to match. He held a saxophone against his right shoulder. If it wasn’t for the fact he was completely transparent, Rocky would have mistaken him for an intruder.
      “The extra energy really wrecks my vibe,” the ghost mentioned as he pointed to the plug Rocky was holding in his hand. He offered Rocky his hand to shake. “Dave Brown, at your service,” he introduced.
      Rocky dropped the cord, then reached for his hand, finding it whole for a moment then his hand slipped through his. “Glad to meet you. Hope you don’t mind the new…?”
      Dave nodded, looking around the bar. “No, not at all. I dig it. Can’t say it’s the worst place I’ve ever played. Beats the dumpster, which was where this box was heading before you came along. I wanted to say thanks for the opportunity to play again. It was good to meet you, but I got to scat.” With that quick introduction, Dave disappeared back into the jukebox.
      Rocky slapped the back of the closest chair. “That’s awesome! I brought a painting back from Vegas. I heard the artist is trapped inside it. Rumors claim that he steps out of the painting at night and wonders around. I’m hoping it’s true,” he mentioned.
      “You want to bring more ghosts to the Juniper? Don’t we have enough misfits and mutts floating around already?” Melody, the resident ghostly saloon gal, called from the doorway. “What crawled into your ear and died?” she continued, her hands were on her hips and her red boa pulled across both extended elbows. If Rocky wasn’t mistaken, it was a different colored boa than you normally used.
      “Isn’t that new?” he asked, pointing to her boa.
      She pulled her boa from around her back, showing it to him. “Sure thing. I found it in the basement along with some of my other odds and ends that were left behind.”
      “It suits you. It enhances your beautiful eyes,” Rocky complemented. 
      Melody blinked flirtatiously. “It does? Why, thank you, Hun,” she said, her gnarled, blackened teeth hidden behind a huge grin on her painted ruby lips.
      “What did you need to talk to me about?” he asked.
      She started to say something, but stopped with her mouth wide-open. “I dun-plum forgot. I’ll… get back to ya,” she said, then disappeared. 
      “Smooth,” Shark said under his breath.
      “I’ve dealt with ghosts for a long time. You learn a trick or two,” Rocky mentioned. “I’m heading to bed. I’ll talk to Wally in the morning,” he decided. It had been a long day and his eyes were beyond tired. There wasn’t anything that couldn’t wait for another day. He grabbed his beer and headed to his room. 
      As he was walking by the check-in counter, he noticed several ghosts carrying the painting he brought back from Las Vegas. The painting was still wrapped with white burlap fabric.
      “Set it over there. Thanks for the help,” he called to the ghosts as he pointed to a large blank wall near the check-in counter. “I’ll worry about hanging it in the morning.”
      He continued up the stairs to the second level where his room was. As he walked up the stairs though, he couldn’t help but notice a squeaky plank on the third rise. He stood on the plank, intentionally causing it to squeak. At first, he was livid when he noticed the squeak. He had just spent a fortune on installing a new staircase. There shouldn’t have been any noise whatsoever. Then he thought… the Juniper is a haunted hotel. The squeak just added to the authenticity. 


Chapter Two
      On the cliffs of Mile Rock Beach, Sam laid across a boulder, watching the waves crash against the shore. To his left was an attractive woman with long black hair and sparkling green eyes wearing a skintight party dress. Her name was Alexis. He and Rocky had met her when she begged them to help find her daughter. It was still another two weeks before her daughter would be able to travel to San Francisco to see her. She anxiously waited to see her daughter as she stared down at the waves.
      To his right was a heavyset man with equally dark hair and olive skin. He decided to wear brown peasant trousers from the 1500s for the evening. He was a notorious body-hopper who once possessed one of the Haunted Ends’ team members, Silvia. Since that time, he still hadn’t found another body to possess, but for the moment he didn’t seem to mind.
      All three of them were lost souls, spending quality time together searching the waves for the meaning of life. Sam lay his head back against the rocky ground, staring up into the starry sky. He couldn’t help but wonder what he would be doing if he had a body at that moment. He wouldn’t be lying on the side of a mountain, watching the stars. He’d probably be back in his apartment in Los Angeles or staying at some hotel in San Francisco, doing the same this he had down all his years before. 
      He glanced over at his two new friends, secretly envying them for all they had done. Alexis’ life might have been short, but she traveled and she partied like there was no tomorrow. Arthur, on the other hand, had body-hopped for over four hundred years. Sam could only imagine what he’d seen.
      Then a thought entered Sam’s mind, what would life be like in four hundred years? It was possible he would never move on. That would also mean everyone he knew and cared about might, leaving him alone to wander the Earth without purpose. He simply couldn’t imagine an afterlife without Rocky and his friends.
      He turned back to the ocean. “I’ll cross that bridge when I come to it,” he thought out loud. 
      “Which bridge? I only see the Golden Gate,” Arthur mentioned.
      Sam grinned. “It’s a figure of speech… wait.” He stood, gazing off into the horizon. At first he wasn’t certain what he was seeing. It looked like an old ship like the kinds that people would restore and turn into fancy dinner cruses. This one though flew the black and white Jolly Rodger crossbones from one of it’s three masts. He pointed towards the unusual ship as it floated towards the Golden Gate Bridge. Several helicopters and four Naval Frigates followed close behind the ship. 
      “Uh, guys, does that look right to you?” Sam questioned as he watched the ship, his eyes widening with his concern.
      Alexis was the first to stand. She peered through the misty light of the slow-moving sunrise at the ship gliding across the calm waters below them. 
      “Uh, no. I don’t think so. It looks like it’s not from this time, am I right? And look at all those military people. They don’t look happy it’s here,” she said, her voice heavy with an accent. 
      “What are you two looking at?” Arthur asked as he rose from the ground. His eyes widened with panic as he lifted a shaky finger to the ship. “Oh hell! That’s, that’s the Serpent’s Cross! No, no, no, this can’t be happening. I go to get out of here,” he exclaimed. He disappeared in a rush, causing both Sam and Alexis to wonder what his problem was.
      “Hum? He act like that often?” Alexia questioned.
      Sam shook his head, baffled by the abrupt way his friend took off. 
      They continued to watch the ship as the sun rose behind it. Then they both noticed that parts of the ship were transparent. And the sure giveaway.
      “Skeletons?” Sam questioned, pointing to the deck. “That’s a thing with us?”
      “I suppose so,” Alexis said, her brilliant brown eyes wide with amazement. “Wow. I’ve heard of ghost ships but never seen one before. I bet they have some wild parties.” 
      “Somehow I doubt that. I better go tell the gang. They’re going to want to check it out,” Sam decided.
___
      Early the next morning, Rocky woke to the sensation of a thick, moist piece of leather lapping between his toes. The smacking of lips immediately caused Rocky to jump upright. 
      “What the—!“ He flipped to his back and looked down to the foot of the bed. To his bewilderment, there stood a Saint Bernard sitting calmly at the foot of his bed, watching him. 
      “What the…?” Rocky gulped. “Who let you in here? Why are you in here?”
      The dog continued  to stare at him for a moment longer, then licked his lips, turned, and walked out of the room. It took Rocky a whole thirty seconds to process what he had seen. He grabbed his blue jeans from the dresser as he searched for the dog in his room.
      “Here, boy,” he called as he stuffed his legs into the jeans. He searched the bathroom when he couldn’t find the dog in the bedroom. The dog had vanished.
      He hurried out into the hallway, searching for the dog. He wasn’t certain how such a massive dog could have slipped out of the room undetected let alone how he managed to sneak into the room in the first place. He paused by his door, realizing his door had been locked from the inside. There was no way a dog could have entered or left his room without someone’s help.
      The hallway filled with catcalls from both male and female alike as he searched for the Saint Bernard. He scanned the hallway, but saw no one. 
      “Ha, ha, very funny!” he sneered back, knowing full well that it was the hotel’s ghosts’ idea of teasing him. He glanced at his scrawny bare and very pale chest, shaking his head in dismay. “Maybe I should work out more?” he thought. “Hey, did any of you see a dog run by here?” he called out. 
      Just then Rocky spotted a toolbox floating his way. He knew it could be only one person, the Juniper’s resident handyman, Wallace. 
      “Hey Wallace, hold up,” Rocky called out, running towards the toolbox.
      Wallace appeared slightly, his dark body towering a head taller than Rocky. “Yah, boss. What can I do for you?” 
      Rocky took a step back, slightly unnerved at just how big the man was. “Uh… this might sound crazy, but did you see a dog run through here? I believe he was a Saint Bernard.”  
      Wallace shook his head. “No, no dog. I did see Ms. Agnes’ cat come flying down the hall about an hour ago. I never saw that cat move so fast in all of my afterlife. It was like something was chasing it. Maybe it was dog?”
      Rocky shook his head, perplexed that he was the only one to have seen a dog. “No, not my dog. I’ve never seen him before. It was a big Saint Bernard. Keep your eyes out, would you?” he asked as he hurried back to his room. The catcalls in the hallway were starting to annoy him.
      In his room, he was happy to find his favorite blue button shirt hanging in the closet, freshly pressed. The shirt had to be recent brought to him because it was still warm from the iron. He could only assume Aleece pressed it for him.
      As soon as he was properly dressed, Aleece materialized. “Um… about last night—“ she started shyly.
      “I was thinking…” Rocky interrupted as he searched for his sneakers. “Oh, sorry. Continue,” he offered, dragging one shoe out from under his bed. He found the other shoe near the bathroom covered in drool and bite marks from his imaginary dog.
      “Son-of-a—!“ He paused to center himself then held up the shoe. “You see this, right?”
      Aleece cleared her throat. “Ah, yes.”
      He set it back on the floor and shoved his foot into it. “I know I’m not crazy. I saw that damn Saint Bernard.” He shook off his frustration. “What about last night?”
       “Oh right. Uh, I was thinking… is it stuffy in here? It is, isn’t it?” she asked, floating over to open the window. “I was thinking it would be better to have Melody work in the pub downstairs. I like Shannon and think she’s doing a great job. I’d hate to lose her because that hot-head doesn’t like her,” she explained. She took a seat on the bed next to Rocky as he was lacing up his shoes. “And between you and me, Melody doesn’t know a vacuum cleaner from the hole in her head,” she whispered. 
      Rocky frowned, turning to Aleece. “Is that how she died?” 
      Aleece demonstrated with a pistol aimed at the back of her head. “Bang, ghost. So, what cha think? Would the work for you?” she asked.
      “I figured that’s where she’d end up anyway. She’s used to working in a bar,” he mentioned. He turned his eyes to his shoe, realizing that the dog had chewed the toe away, leaving his large toe exposed. He lifted his gnawed shoe to show Aleece. “You sure you haven’t seen a dog around here?” 
      She shook her head. “Not since we last had guests. Was he one of us or one of you?”
      It took Rocky a second to figure out what she meant. “I don’t know for certain. He might have been a ghost. But, I didn’t think there were any—“
      As he was speaking, Sam rushed into the room. He was in such a hurry, he accidentally floated through Rocky, disappearing into the wall and into the next room. He slipped back through the wall, shaking his head. 
      “I can’t believe I did that,” he mumbled.
      “Two words for you, air breaks,” Rocky teased.
      “Must be urgent,” Aleece mentioned shyly.
      Sam nodded, his expression was as if he were winded. “It is. I need to talk to Rose,” he exclaimed. 
      “Okay, that’s not the Sam I know. Can a spirit be possessed?” Rocky scolded. 
      Sam waved him on as he took a deep breath. “It’s urgent,” he heaved.
      “Sure, sure. I left my phone downstairs,” Rocky returned, staring questioningly at his ghostly partner. “You do realize you don’t have lungs,” he pointed out.
      Sam nodded urgently. “Old habits,” he gulped. “Okay, I’m good. Where’s your phone?”
      Rocky motioned to the hallway. He turned last second to say goodbye to Aleece, but she had disappeared. 
      “It must be important if you want to talk to Rose. Last time I mentioned her name you called her the devil,” Rocky mentioned as they were walking down the stairs into the lobby. He paused once on the third stair, again using his full body weight to force the rise to squeak. The squeak was starting to grow on him so much so that he needed to hear it before he could enter the lobby.
      “I was upset because she was ruining my fun in Vegas. This… this is business related,” Sam explained. He watched Rocky, trying to figure out what he was doing. “Uh?”
      “It squeaks,” Rocky returned, pointing to the step.
      “And?” Sam questioned. 
      “I like it,” Rocky mentioned. “It gives this old place some charm. I was wondering if I could somehow add more.”
      “Squeaks? Don’t we have enough creepy sounds around here? Plus, you just spent a fortune de-squeaking this staircase,” Sam pointed out.
      “I suppose so,” Rocky said with a shrug. 
      As they entered the lobby, Rocky could hear the news playing on all five televisions in the bar. Through the doorway he could see several spirits hanging out in the bar, watching the televisions. Seeing ghosts watching television was nothing out of the normal, however they seldom watched in the bar.
      “Boss, you left your phone in the bar last night. Shark asked if I’d give it back to you,” Albert called out from the front desk. His black backpack was on the check-in counter, ready for him to grab and leave for the day.
      Albert held the phone out for Rocky to take. As soon as he touched the phone, it rang. To his surprise, Rose’s image was on the screen. He waved his thanks to Albert. 
      “See you tonight,” Rocky said then tapped his phone. “Rose, would you believe I was just about to call you. Sam—“
      He paused, listening to Rose on the phone. “The news? Yes, it’s on in the bar. I was wondering why all the residents were watching. Hold on.” He waved for Sam to follow him into the bar.
      At the doorway of the bar, he watched one of the televisions. The news was featuring a rather peculiar ship that resembled the Flying Dutchmen.  For some unknown reason the ship had floated into San Francisco Bay. 
      Sam pointed to the television. “That’s what I wanted to call her about. I watched that ship float into the bay around sunrise. I was with Arthur and when he saw it. He completely freaked out and disappeared,” he mentioned, excitement ringing in his voice.
      “Wait,” Rocky held his hand over the phone’s receiver. “You were with Arthur? That low-unlife? Seriously, Sam, he’s a bad influence. You don’t need to be hanging around that—!” 
      Sam rolled his eyes. “The point is that Arthur knew that ship. He called it the… the…” he smacked his forehead to think, “…the Serpent’s Cross. That’s it!” he exclaimed. “He took off as soon as he saw it, leaving Alexis and me behind. He looked like he had seen the devil,” he added. 
      “Alexis too?” Rocky huffed. “Come on, Sam. You’re floating with the wrong crowd. You’re going to get yourself in trouble,” he groaned. 
      Sam waved him on. “Yes, mom. I’m dead. I could hang out with Al Capone if I wanted. It’s not like I couldn’t get any deader than I already am,” he mentioned. He pointed to the television again. “How about focusing on the real problem. That ship shouldn’t be here let alone be seen by the living.”
      “Rocky!” Rose screamed through the phone.
      Rocky placed the phone back to his ear. “Oh, yeah. Sorry about that. No, it’s Sam jabbering on about this ship.”
      “Jabbering? Do I look like a jabberer to you?” Sam asked a passing spirit. The spirit turned to him, looked him up and down, then continued into the bar to watch the television.
       “Sam says that a friend,” Rocky sneered in disgust, “told him that the ship’s name was the Serpent’s Cross. This friend is an old ghost, so I can only assume it’s a really old ship. What was that? Oh, is it Haunted?” He glanced at Sam, who shrugged.
      “There were skeletons hanging out on deck, you tell me,” Sam spoke condescendingly back.
       Rocky held his hand over the receiver. “Skeletons?” he asked. Sam nodded. “Yeah, we’re not sure. Assume it is. Oh, okay. We can do that. I’ll let you know what we find.” He hung up the phone.
      “What did she say?” Sam asked.
      “She wants us to grab Marcus and check it out,” he said, walking back to his room to grab his Haunted Ends gear, T-shirt, and baseball cap. 
      Sam followed Rocky back into the lobby. “Investigate an ancient ship filled with walking skeletons? Is she crazy?”
      “You already know that answer,” Rocky jabbed back. 
      “Okay, okay, no, seriously, that ship has to be crawling with police and the Coast Guard. How are we going to get on board?” Sam questioned. 
      “Apparently,” Rocky glanced to his left thigh were Sam hovered, “they asked for us by name.”
      “Of course they would.” Sam paused in the hall while Rocky went inside his room to change. His eyes grew wide and he began to nod slowly as he thought. “What could possibly go wrong talking to a ship full of skeletons?”
      


Chapter Three
      “No, that’s cool. Thanks. I wasn’t certain how I was going to drop off the axle, the truck, and still make it down to the docks in time,” Rocky spoke into his phone as he slid out of the front seat of his car. “Double vanilla latte with an extra shot of espresso and extra foam. Got it. Least I could do,” he finished, slipping his phone into the back pocket of his stonewashed jeans. He locked his car and began to walk towards the harbor.
      “Rose?” Sam asked, regarding who Rocky was speaking to on the phone, as he floated beside Rocky in the parking lot.
      “Simone, Rose’s new assistant.”
      “Simone?” Sam questioned.
       “That cute stagehand, you know, the one that seemed to be telepathic and know everything we needed. Rose needed a new assistant since that other girl ran away with… uh, never mind.” Rocky bit his tongue. He wasn’t certain how much Rose had told everyone about her current relationship situation and didn’t want to spread any gossip, even if it was just to Sam. “Anyways, she agreed to drop off the truck and the axle for me. I didn’t want to bother Wally. I’ve been asking him to do too much lately and he’s not getting any younger.”
      “No, but I can tell he’s having a blast helping around the Juniper,” Sam pointed out. He pointed to a ghostly ship docked in the distance. The ship looked to have more barnacles than wood holding it together. “That’s the one I saw this morning floating into the bay. I can tell you this, even from here I can tell that ship is evil,” he said with a chill in his voice.
      As they approached the docks, the area was swarming with police. Rocky wondered if Paul, a local detective who frequently helped them with the show, was there. He often showed up to situations that involved an element of the abnormal.
      “Hey, Rocky! Over here,” Paul called out from a distance away, waving his hands in the air to signal him towards the group he was talking with.
      Rocky guessed correctly. He raised his hand in the air and waved back. “Looks like Paul’s on the case,” he mentioned to Sam.
      Sam released a long, disheartened sigh. “Looks like it. I’m gonna miss him when he retires,” he admitted.
      “You didn’t hear? He’s coming to work with us. Rose offered him a job heading up security for the show,” Rocky mentioned as they approached the scene.
      Paul was talking to another officer and Marcus in a grassy area off to the side of the dock. Rocky hurried over to the group, standing beside Marcus.
      “What do we have here?” Rocky asked Paul as he nodded to Marcus.
      Marcus motioned to the ship over his right shoulder as he held his camera to film the interaction between Rocky and Paul. 
      “You’re here to tell us,” Marcus said.
      “That’s one really old, spooky ship,” Sam muttered.
      Paul motioned to the man also standing next to him. The man was dressed in a military uniform, but Rocky hadn’t a clue what branch.
      “Rocky, this is Lieutenant Vargas from the Coast Guard. He’s here to find out where this ship came from and what it’s doing here. So far as we can tell there’s nothing alive on board, but no one has been able to go aboard to see for certain.” Paul turned back to the Lieutenant, “Rocky is an expert in these sort of things.”
      Rocky and Lieutenant Vargas shook hands. “What sort of thing is this exactly?” the Lieutenant asked.	
      “Paranormal,” Sam spoke, startling those around him. He pointed to the ship where a full-size skeleton was standing on the deck, peering down at them. “And very haunted,” he added.
      Rocky turned to look where Sam pointed. His jaw dropped when he saw the skeleton and four more standing behind it. “Uh, Sam, why do they look like that?” he asked.
      Sam shook his head, his eyes saucers. “They… they… they shouldn’t look like that. Skeletons walking around are only in the movies. It’s not physically possible for a skeleton to walk around without something to hold it together,” he said.
      As Sam spoke, Lieutenant Vargas stared down at the empty space between him and Rocky where he heard Sam’s voice. He shook off his stunned expression. 
      “Sam’s a ghost, right?” Lieutenant Vargas whispered to Paul, who nodded in reply. He shook his surprise, obviously trying to ignore that fact that Sam was a ghost. “Okay, what are we looking at?”
      “There’s skeletons on the deck watching us,” Marcus spoke up as he pointed his camera towards the ship. “Okay, guys, this is a first.” 
      “Skeletons? You’re not a skeleton, are you, Sam?” Paul questioned.
      “I might be for all I know, but I sure in the hell wouldn’t float around looking like one,” Sam called back. “That’s just not right, Rocky. Like I said, there’s something evil is on board that ship,” he continued with a shuttering voice.
      “What exactly do you mean by evil? Are we talking demons or—?” Rocky asked low as he examined the ship.
      “Evil as in evil. That ship is damned, cursed, whatever you want to call it. I’m out of here! I’m not going near it and neither should you. You take one step on board, you’re apt to never leave,” Sam warned sternly. 
      Rocky nodded as he thought about what Sam said. He continued to watch the ship, seeing several more gruesome creatures appearing, some with skin but most without. He hated being around anything dead and whatever the creatures where that were watching them from the deck looked pretty dead to him.
      “Rocky, come on, man,” Marcus pleaded. 
      Rocky continued to shake his head. “There’s no fucking way…” he paused, forcefully pointing at the ship, “… I’m going near that. If Sam says there’s evil on board that ship, there’s nothing—!”
      Paul took Rocky by the upper arm, forcing him away from the group. “Look, we’re all in a bit of a bind. The Coast Guard sent two men on board to secure a line to tow it back to sea. Both men were tossed off like rag dolls into the water. One of the men needed to be airlifted by emergency helicopter to the hospital. He had second and third-degree burns on most of his body.”
      “Oh, now that sounds enticing,” Sam smirked.
      Rocky shook his head in a panic. “I’m with you, Sam. Skeletons are one thing, fire…  there’s no way.” He paused, looking around to see if anyone was in hearing range. There was a group of reporters not far from their location, so he whispered, “No fucking way! I’m sorry, but you’re going to need to find someone else, anyone else.” 
      Paul raised his shoulders to his ears, sighing deeply. “Okay. Okay. I understand. I wouldn’t want to go aboard either. However, until we figure out what’s going on, this ship isn’t moving and since your our most famous paranormal medium, the press is going to continue to hound you until—” he mentioned. 
      “That’s the city’s problem, not mine. I have no problem talking to common ghosts…. This,” Rocky motioned back to the ship, shaking his head. “…is above my abilities.” He started to walk to Sam, who was already floating back towards the parking lot. “Hey, Sam, let’s get a move on. I have a painting to hang,” he called out, all the while he could hear Paul talking to Rose on his phone behind him.
      Marcus hurried behind Rocky as they walked back to Rocky’s car. “So, that’s it? We’re done shooting?” he asked.
      “That’s it. Unless Rose needs you to film something specifically about the ship, go home,” Rocky grumbled.
      “You’re serious? You’re actually giving up an opportunity to investigate a real haunted ship?” Marcus asked in amazement.
      “I would but that ship isn’t just haunted,” Rocky pointed out.
      “Hey, I’m dead and I won’t go near it. That should speak volumes,” Sam spoke up. “Trust me, you don’t want to go near what’s on that ship. Consider it toxic waste from the spirit realm. One touch and it will eat your soul,” he explained. 
      “Come on, guys! They need us,” Marcus pleaded. “San Francisco needs us,” he called, yet Rocky and Sam kept walking.
      All around them, news and media filmed Rocky as he was leaving. Many of them called out questions. He paid them no attention, just continued to walk past them. He wasn’t about to be guilted into doing something that he was going to regret for eternity.
       “The fans need us!” Marcus called out as a last-ditch effort.
      Rocky stopped in his tracks, causing Sam to walk through him. Sam glanced up at Rocky, sneering at Rocky’s starlit expression. 
      “Ah, man! You had to go there,” Sam yelled back to Marcus. 
      Rocky spun around, pointing to Marcus and his camera. “Okay. If we’re even thinking about stepping on board that ship, we’re going to need some information,” he said as he walked back to Marcus.
      “Where are we going to find any information? I doubt anyone alive would know anything about it,” Paul called out as he ran over to them.
      “Exactly right, someone alive wouldn’t know. Who I need to find is Sebastian Flores. He’ll probably know something about that ship,” Rocky said as he thought.
      “Who’s Sebastian Flores?” Marcus asked Paul.
      Paul closed his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose beneath his mirrored sunglasses. “An ill-mannered body-jumper who’s been around for at least a thousand years, maybe more,” he explained. “But… I haven’t seen him around in awhile. He took a sabbatical from teaching at the university several months ago,” he added. 
      “I know where to find him, but it might be a little difficult. He doesn’t exactly want to be reached,” Sam offered. 
      All three men turned to look down at Sam. 
      “How difficult?” Paul asked.
      Sam shrugged. “Well, he moved to San Diego… uh, when he got a new body.”
      “New body?” Marcus questioned, the dark skin of his forehead glistening in the sunlight. He wiped the sweat off his forehead with aid of his left sleeve. “Oh, yah, right, body-jumper. I’ve heard about those. But… Sam, do you know what his new body looks like?” he questioned.
      “That’s the hard part. I have a general idea where he is, but we’re going to have to guess what he looks like,” Sam admitted.
      “So… we’re going to San Diego,” Paul huffed. “I’ll meet you at the airport in an hour. I’ll have our friends with the government make our arrangements for us.”
      The group all agreed, once again sending Rocky and Sam walking back to the car.
      “You’re pen pals with Flores?” Rocky questioned to Sam.
      Sam chuckled. “He’s sent me a couple of postcards. Nothing big. It give the gang at the Juniper something to read.”
      “As long as it doesn’t give any of them any ideas,” Rocky warned. The last thing he needed to do was open a hotel full of ghosts looking to possess the bodies of his future guests. 


Chapter Four
      Paul and Rocky hurried through the busy airport, dodging business men and women in a frantic search for the correct gate to their flight. Paul motioned for Rocky to pick up the pace while Rocky trailed behind as he frantically talked on his phone. He turned his eyes to look at the time, only for a moment, but by the time he turned back he had landed nose-first into a white pillar.
      Rocky bounced back, falling flat on his butt. With a stunned expression, he stared at the pillar, shook his head then immediately held his phone to his ear again. “No, I’m still here. And yes, that would be great.”
      Paul offered Rocky his hand to pull him off the ground. “You okay?”
      Rocky felt to his swelling nose, more embarrassed than injured. “Yeah,” he scoffed as Paul pulled him off the floor. 
      “Just jumped out there on you, hum?” an elderly man said as he walked past. Rocky ignored him. 
      They continued through the airport, Rocky more cautious as he veered around a wayward handcart. His phone rang again and Rocky immediately answered it.
      “Albert, tell me the place is still standing. Oh, yeah, great. Can put those on a loop? Perfect! Go ahead and set it up in the lobby on the wall closest to the bar. Thanks,” Rocky spoke into the phone. 
      “What is Albert setting up in the lobby?” Sam asked from beside Rocky, even though Rocky couldn’t see him. 
      “I wondered when you would show,” Paul said.
      Sam chuckled. “Why would I waste energy running with you two through the airport. It’s better that I wait until Rocky reaches the destination and then teleport myself to his side,” he mentioned.
      “Teleport?” Paul questioned.
      The two plopped into gray seats at the terminal, grateful that they could finally relax. All the while, Sam hovered in an empty seat next to Rocky. 
      “That’s one way to explain it,” Rocky said as he chuckled. He felt Sam staring at him for an answer. “What? Oh, it’s a surprise,” he returned within a grunt. “Man, I’m glad I hadn’t unpacked yet from our Vegas trip or I’d have nothing to wear,” he mentioned as he sat his duffel bag on the floor near his feet.
      “Aren’t your clothes dirty?” Paul questioned.
      Rocky shrugged, his long white braid flipping over his shoulder and onto the back of the pleather seats. “I’ll pay to have them dry-cleaned when we reach the hotel. Oh, hell. The hotel.” He grabbed his phone, immediately calling Rose. “Yeah, it’s me. I need a favor.”
      Sam sat back in the airport, watching other travelers come and go. “I never understood why they call it a terminal. It’s like flying is a disease or something you can’t cure.”
      “Well, it was terminal for you, in a way. If it wasn’t for your stewardess girlfriend and meeting her on an airplane, you’d still be alive,” Paul pointed out.
      Sam released a long, frustrated sigh. “Sure, right. And she wasn’t my girlfriend.”
      Paul relaxed back, closing his eyes. When he heard Sam’s comment, his eyebrow rose with amusement. “Too bad. If she had pretended to be, she would have had easier access to those diamonds she killed you for.”
      Sam released one loud laugh, causing many of the people in the terminal to turn to him. He quickly placed his hands over his mouth. “So, what you’re saying is if I hadn’t played hard-to-get, I’d still be alive?” 
      “He’s probably right, though you’d probably be in jail,” Rocky added to the conversation as he hung up with Rose. 
      “Rocky has a point there,” Paul snickered. 
      Rocky chuckled as Sam rolled his eyes. “Hotel is being booked as we speak. Rose will text me the address by the time we land.”
       “That’s helpful.” Paul glanced over to Sam’s seat. “Hey, Sam, you don’t have anything to worry about now? I mean, you’re not going to  burst into a million particles once we reach a certain altitude, right?” 
      Sam turned to him, his eyes daggers. Even though Paul couldn’t see Sam’s expression, Rocky could. “I’ll altitude you—“ he growled.
      “Play nice. He’s an old man,” Rocky whispered to Sam.
      Paul wrapped his navy blue windbreaker closer to his body, zipping it up. “Did it suddenly get chilly in here?” he questioned.
      “You have no idea,” Rocky chuckled under his breath. “Sam was on the airplane when we flew down to Ontario, remember?”
      Paul nodded several times. “Yeah, that turned out to be a real shit-show. Did Rose ever find out what happened to that missing sound guy?”
      Rocky shrugged. “I’m not sure we’ll ever know.” He yawned deeply, continuing. “My luck, he’ll show up on my doorstep looking for help.”
      “I take it that happens often?” Paul asked. Rocky motioned with his eyes over to Sam. “I’ll take that as a yes.”
      Sam dropped into his seat, still glaring at Paul. “Why are you here, Paul, and not Romeo or Marcus?” he asked. 
      Rocky relaxed back in his seat, crossing his arms over his chest. “Romeo, Silvia, and Jennifer are in Vegas shooting a show for Haunted Ends. Rose sent Marcus there to join them. They’re investigating some dilapidated hotel off the strip. Apparently it had a really seedy history.  A local fan brought it to Rose’s attention and mentioned it was about to be bulldozed next month. It’s a simple shoot, so they’ll do the show without us.” 
      “Should we be concerned? I mean, I thought we were the stars?” Sam asked with concern. “Hold on… they’re going to Vegas?”
      “Flight 1331 to San Diego is now boarding,” a woman’s voice announced over the loudspeakers. 
      The group of three stood. Rocky and Paul grab their luggage and started to the gate. Thankfully, there wasn’t many people waiting to get on board the airplane. Rocky hated flying to begin with. Add feeling claustrophobic on top of it, and there would be enough tiny bottles of booze to help him through the flight. 
       “No and yes,” Rocky continued the conversation, knowing that Sam was still beside him even though he couldn’t see him. “They have enough footage from when we were there. They'll splice us in and dub our voices over the new footage.” 
      “But, but, but… I want to be in Vegas!” Sam pouted.
      “After our last trip, Rose didn’t want to risk us returning. There were several complains lodged against you. She agreed to do a show there to help soothe over some of the damage you caused,” Rocky explained.
      Sam started to argue back, but didn’t have the words.
      They hurried into the airplane, finding the airplane oddly empty for a day flight. They continued to their seats, settling in with ease. 
      “Is this strange to you?” Paul asked as he glanced out the window beside him.
      “Strange, how?” Rocky asked. 
      “There
      He was nervously looking around for the flight attendant so he could order a drink to calm his nerves. He never much liked flying, even if it was only for a short distance. Something about being locked in a confined space, flying thirty-thousand feet above the ground caused him extreme anxiety. 
      A brunette flight attendant walked by, stopping when she noticed Rocky. “Yes?”
      “Could you bring me a Highball?” Rocky requested.
      “It’s only an hour and a half flight,” Paul mentioned.
      Rocky grunted. “Doesn’t matter.” 
      The flight attendant glanced to Paul by the window and to the empty seat in between them. “Oh, ah, hey, Sam. Welcome back,” she said with a nervous titter to her words. 
      “Hi, Mandy. Wow, it’s been at least a year. How’s your daughter?” Sam returned casually as if nothing were out of the ordinary. 
      “Oh, good. She turned four last Friday. By the way, love your show. It’s a blast watching to see what you guys are going to do next. I especially loved your Vegas trip.”
      “Thanks,” Rocky grumbled as he fiddled with writing an email on his phone. 
      “You’re going to have to put that away until after we take off. Until then, can I get you, gentlemen, something to drink? Highball for you and—” she offered.
      “A bourbon on the rocks,” Sam spoke up. 
      The flight attendant waved him on, giggling. “Always a joker. I know, it goes right through you.”
      “It sure does. Paul?” Rocky said, turning to Paul, who waved his no thanks. 
      “Okay, I’ll be right back,” she said as she continued down the aisle. 
      “How about your phone number?” Sam called out, causing everyone to turn to him. 
      A murmuring of voices from all around the airplane spoke at once, making the sound like a swarm of bees.  Many of the people seated around them pointed to Rocky as if they recognized him, yet the name most mentioned was Sam. 
      “See what you did,” Rocky sighed.
      “Yeah, yeah, I’m sorry. I suppose I went a little overboard,” Sam said.
      Rocky leaned his head back, chuckling under his breath. “Rose arranged the trip to Ontario on board an airplane as a publicity stunt to make Sam more popular. We were hardly recognized. Now, we’re on a quick trip for something serious, without cameras this time, and we’re being recognized left and right. And since when did you start hitting on flight attendants?”
      Sam shrugged. “What do I have to lose?” 
      “Why do you think that?” Paul joked. 
      “What?” Sam questioned in a high-pitched voice. “Sorry, I happen to know the flight attendant. And when we went to Ontario, I didn’t have full control over my voice. Now I do,” he pointed out. 
      It was then Rocky noticed two bright green eyes staring at him from the space between the armrests in front of them. A pen was slowly pushed through the space followed by a small pad of hotel paper.
      “Uh, Sam. Fan,” Rocky mentioned, motioning to the pen.
      “Oh. You want me to sign this?” Sam asked. The eyes bobbed up and down. “Sure. What’s your name?”
      “Emmy,” the voice of a young girl squeaked back.
      Sam took the pen and pad of paper and proceeded to sign it while several other sets of eyes around him watched. Rocky didn’t bother to watch, but Paul couldn’t help but stare at the floating pad of paper. 
      “There you go,” Sam said. He carefully pushed the pen and the paper through the opening between the seats.
      Paul stood slightly to gain the flight attendant’s attention. “Miss,” he called out.
      She hurried back over to him. “Yes?” 
      “I changed my mind. I think I will have a drink,” Paul ordered.
___
      
      Five hours later, the three men stood by the shoreline, gazing out at San Diego’s clean skyline, each with their own thoughts and feelings for the exact same moment. For Rocky, his thoughts led him to the last time he visited San Diego. It was for a paranormal convention located not too far from where they were staying. For the life of him, he couldn’t recall actually attending the convention or even leaving the city after the convention. His mind was a fog of random images of the event. The conversion took place during the time he and Rose were going through their divorce and he had to admit, if no one other than to himself, that he was drinking a lot. 
      “Good times,” he thought, his words escaping his lips.
      “What was that?” Paul asked as he watched the sailboats skim across the water.
      “Oh, nothing,” Rocky returned. “Are we ready to find Flores?” he asked his friends.
      Sam shrugged as he scanned the area. “I am rather curious what kind of body he ended up with. The haunts back at the hotel have a betting pool going. Five to one odds say he went native,” he mentioned.
      “Native?” Paul questioned.
      “The first post card we received was from South America, Brazil I believe. Melody expects will find him wearing a loincloth. Or maybe she’s hoping,” Sam explained.
      “Then how did you know he was in San Diego?” Rocky asked, a little concerned that they were wasting time and a trip to San Diego.
      “He sent me another postcard. You know, one of those “Wish you were here” written across the top and some bikini girl lounging on the beach. Though, I haven’t seen many beaches around here,” Sam pointed out. 
      “There’s a few, but not many.” Rocky noticed an empty pedicab driving by. “Come on. Maybe he’ll know where we can find Flores,” he said, waving for his two friends to follow. He gave a quick whistle to signal the driver.
      The mid-twenty year old male driver raised his hand to show he heard Rocky. He swung his pedicab back around to wait for them. 
      “Thanks!” Rocky called as all three took seats in the cab. Sam sat in the middle. Paul glanced to the space between Rocky and himself, feeling chilled. He moved over, giving Sam more room. 
      The pedicab driver glanced to the large space between the two men. 
      Paul held up his hand. “It’s a long story,” he said.
      The driver shrugged. “That’s cool. Where are you two heading?”
      “Three,” Sam corrected.
      “Sam, cut it out. If he can’t see you, you’re not here,” Rocky scolded low.
      “Just because I’m invisible doesn’t mean I want to be treated like I am,” Sam grumbled back.
      “Uh, okay. Guys, I don’t know—“ the driver’s voice cracked with his anxiety as he stared at the empty area between Rocky and Paul.
      “It’s all good. Pretend you didn’t hear that,” Paul handed the driver a fifty. “We’re here searching for anyone out of the ordinary,” he explained.
      “We’ve got plenty of that. How out of the ordinary are we talking?” the driver asked seriously.
      “Like strutting around in a body like it’s a new suit, out of the ordinary,” Sam spoke up.
      The driver shook his head, glancing to the ocean then back. “Look, I don’t know what your scheme is, but—“ he began. Again, Paul handed him another twenty. The driver paused, nodding. “He’s a ghost, right?” he asked, motioning to Sam. Rocky and Paul both nodded. “Is it his body you’re looking for?” he questioned.
      “No, I’m buried in Los Angeles. My guess, the guy we’re looking for is either Mexican or Brazilian, something like that,” Sam mentioned.
      The driver scratched a small patch of stumble on his chin. “You know, I think I might know the guy you’re looking for. Juan, works the convention route. He struts around like his body… like it’s is a new suit or something, yeah, yeah.” He pointed to Sam, agreeing. “That’s it exactly. He’s a real freak show to watch.”
      “Juan?” Rocky questioned, scowling at Sam. “That sounds about right. Can you take us to him?”
      “Uh, yeah, sure thing.” The driver began to peddle down the walkway, not once looking back.
      “I can’t believe you sometimes. Why do you have to do that?” Rocky grumbled to Sam.
      “Do what?” Sam questioned, toying with him. He knew exactly what Rocky was talking about. Meanwhile, Paul leaned to the right side of the pedicab, pretending not to be part of the group.
      The driver stopped in front of a massive stairway leading up to the convention center. He pointed to a man serving tacos out of a vending cart across the way between the ocean, a hotel and along the path. 
      “That can’t be him. Flores owns more PhDs than—” Rocky grumbled.
      Sam slowly nodded, recognizing how the man stood. “That’s him all right,” he announced. 
      “Are you serious? That man was a college professor. Why would he be selling tacos out of a cart?” Paul spoke up.
      Rocky and Sam continued over to the man while Paul handed the driver another twenty. “Sorry about that. If you’re curious, those two are stars on their own television show, Haunted Ends. You should check it out. They’re a lot more fun when we can dub over them.”
      “Okay… I will.” The driver glanced down, realizing how much cash Paul had given him. “You want me to wait?” he called out as Paul hurried to catch up with Rocky and Sam. He waved him on. 
      He ran up behind Rocky. “I smoothed things over with the driver,” he mentioned. “It would be easier if—“
      “I had a body? I know,” Sam grumbled as if he knew that Paul was going to say something about him keeping his mouth shut. That simply wasn’t going to happen. “Hold on a second. Rocky, could you snap a picture of Sebastian for me. The gang at the Juniper aren’t going to believe this.”
      There was no arguing with Sam. Rocky pulled out his phone, pretending to take a photo of the scenery, but snapping the man’s picture instead. “Happy?”
      “Yes.”
      Paul ignored them both, walking ahead. “Sebastian Flores,” he called out as they approached the taco cart. 
      The man working the taco cart immediately rose his hands, his meat tongs tittering in his left hand. “I know my rights. I am an American citizen,” the man called back beneath his wide brim straw hat as the group approached. He squinted, noticing Rocky and Paul. “Oh,” he lowered his hands, “it’s only you guys. What are you doing down south? And how did you recognize me?”
      “We’ve been searching for you. A pedicab driver said you might be the one matching our description,” Rocky said as they stopped at the cart.
      Paul pulled on the latch of the cooking drawer, on top of the cart. “What are you cooking in here, cat?” he questioned sarcastically.
      “Steak. Cat was yesterday, pigeon is tomorrow. Stick around, with any luck, pig will be on Friday,” Flores snipped back. “What do you want, officer?”
      Rocky swiped a salsa packet, playing with it nervously between his fingers. “New body, new occupation?”
      “I couldn’t exactly return to my old job looking like this, now could I?” Flores pointed out. “And mind you, this is all legitimate. I have witness’ proof that the original owner willingly decided to switch bodies with me,” he added. 
      Paul crossed his arms over his chest, glaring down at Flores. “Right. Now tell me why a good looking guy like this would switch bodies with an old miser like you?” he accused.
      Flores sneered at Paul’s comment. “I went to Peru for a vacation, found him hiding out in a bar in a dark corner. He told me he was in deep trouble with the local gang and he needed a way out. I gave him a way out. Then I had a couple old friends sneak me back here and take care of the paperwork,” he explained.
      “And you’d have us believe that some street thug took your place at the university?” Rocky questioned.
      “HA! Don’t be ridiculous. No. As soon as he stepped foot in the classroom, they had him declared mentally incompetent and sent him to a care facility in Los Angeles. He’s spending the rest of his days putting together puzzles, but at least he doesn’t have to worry about being shot at any moment. And now I have my golden tan back,” he explained, lifting his arm up to see his golden tanned skin. “Could you two move aside, you’re blocking my customers,” he scolded as a couple stopped to buy tacos.
      With his customers out of the way, Flores turned his attention back to Rocky. “You three came a long way to talk to me and I’m fairly certain it wasn’t to harass me or buy tacos. So… out with it already.”
      “We need your help,” Rocky started.
      “Help?” Floras questioned.
      “We need information,” Paul added. 
      “As you can see, I’m not exactly in a position to help you anymore,” Flores returned.
      Sam cleared his throat. “We figured a highly intelligent man, such as you, would know something about our case. But, if you lost your ability—“
      “I didn’t lose a damn thing. I’m still smart as… ah, hell. What is it you need?” Flores huffed. 
      “This morning, a ship floated into Golden Gate Harbor. It looks really old. The Coast Guard can’t make it budge,” Rocky explained.
      Flores stared directly through Rocky for a moment, then glanced at Sam and Paul. “Coiled snake as a masthead?” he asked sternly.
      “Yep,” Sam said with a pop to his word. “That’s the one all right.”
      Flores snarled as he turned away. “Tacos! Get your fresh tacos!”
      “Flores!” Paul barked, causing the man to jump.
      Flores bent closer across the cart to talk to them. “There’s a bunch of skeletons on deck, aren’t there?” he asked in a hush. All three nodded. Flores moved away. “The Serpent’s Cross. That’s some nasty stuff that floated your way,” he huffed, shaking his head solemnly.
      “How do we tow it out of the harbor?” Paul asked.
      Flores glared at Paul, shaking his head. “You don’t. The only reason that ship has come to shore is to take on new crew members,” he said.
      “If that’s all, Sam, don’t you know a few spirits who’d enjoy a high seas adventure?” Rocky asked Sam.
      “Uh… no, it doesn’t work like that,” Flores interrupted as an attractive woman in jogging shorts stopped by the cart. “Look, there’s a difference between a haunted ship and a damned ship. The Serpent’s Cross is a damned ship whose crew are all soulless bodies. Their souls have been sucked down into hell to be tormented for eternity while their bodies are left to fester and decompose on the deck until nothing is left but bones.” He paused, handing his customer her tacos. “Would you like salsa with that?” he asked the woman.
      The woman held her hand to her mouth as if she were about to vomit. She ran off without her tacos and without paying. “Damn,” Flores cursed under his breath. “To join the crew is to condemn your soul to eternal torment. I don’t think you’ll get many volunteers… plus, you need a body. You two could volunteer, if you wish,” he pointed out. 
      “It looks like we’re back to square one,” Paul huffed.
      “I’m sorry, gentleman. I don’t have any answers for you. However—“
      “There’s a however?” Sam questioned.
       “I do know someone who might,” Flores mentioned.
      “Who?” Sam asked.
      “Arthur, the spirit who possessed your friend, ah,” he snapped his fingers trying to remember, “Silvia during that police station incident. I happen to know his own skeleton is on board that ship,” Flores said.
      “How?” all three of the men asked in harmony. 
      Flores chuckled with his amusement. “I have no idea, but he figured out a way to beat the devil. Thinking about it, if the ship is docked in San Francisco, he might be the one they’re looking for. I hear Captain Helter doesn’t take kindly to deserters.” 
      “How did the, the—“ Paul stammered.
      “Serpent’s Cross,” Rocky covered.
      “Yes, that, become a cursed ship?” Paul continued.
      Flores raised an amused eyebrow. “No clue. I was in Constantinople at the time of its maiden voyage. There was some storm involved, I believe. Arthur never talked about it. It’s been nice chatting with you… TACOS!” he called out, abruptly ending their conversation. 
      Rocky motioned for his friends to follow him. When he was out of hearing range of Flores, he began to chuckle. “Now we know why Arthur took off like a bat out of hell,” he pointed out.
      “Exactly,” Sam chuckled. 
      “Looks like we’re back to square one,” Paul mentioned.
      “Square one? What does that even mean?” Sam questioned.
      Paul pawed Sam’s remark away. They continued down the path, walking back towards their hotel, which was thankfully not that far away.  Out of nowhere, Sam began humming a very familiar tune. Both Paul and Rocky glanced down at him.
      “Don’t,” Rocky warned. “That is the last song I want stuck in my head today.”
      “Don’t what?” Sam volleyed. 
      “Just don’t start,” Rocky returned.
      “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Sam returned, forcing back a Cheshire cat grin. They continued to walk, but both Rocky and Paul were on edge, waiting for what Sam was going to say next. 
      Sam glanced down at a sticker on the ground. It was a white sticker with a heart in the middle. I and NY were above and below the heart. 
      “Did you know New York was once New Amsterdam?” Sam asked.
      Paul smacked his forehead. “How the hell did he do it?” he grumbled.
      Meanwhile, Rocky shook his head in utter amazement. “I don’t know. I really don’t know. All I do know is I’m never going to get that song out of my head. Thanks, Sam!” he cursed.
      “You were thinking it before I said it, so don’t blame me,” Sam scolded. They continued towards the hotel. “Uh, guys, you know we can’t go back—“
      “SAM!” Rocky screeched, believing he was continuing with the song lyrics.
      “Yet! To the hotel. Our rooms aren’t ready,” he continued, driving both men to the brink of insanity.
      “UGH! It’s a good thing you don’t have an ass, because I’d be kicking it all the way back to San Francisco right now,” Paul threatened. 
      “Promises, promises,” Sam snickered back. “So… why did they change it?”
      Paul and Rocky smirked to themselves, neither able to pass up a chance to get Sam back. In harmony they sang, “I can’t say. People just like it better that way.”
      “Oh, geesh!” 
      

Chapter Five
      Later that same afternoon, Sam stared out the floor to ceiling windows of their hotel room, gazing down at the bay below. There were so many ships and sailboats floating by, it was hard to count them all. They all looked so peaceful gliding over the calm blue water that for a moment Sam was mesmerized. 
      “Why San Francisco?” Sam asked, breaking the silence of the room.
      Rocky glanced up from his phone as he struggled with typing a message. “Sorry, I had to write an email. The moving company was trying to charge me six-hundred dollars for a broken mirror. It’s their bad luck, not mine,” he grumbled. “What was that now?”
	Sam glanced at Rocky from over his shoulder. “San Francisco, why did the ship show up now? Why not Los Angles or here is San Diego? I’m starting to think Floras was right. Maybe this Captain Helter is here to collect Arthur,” he asked.
      Rocky glanced at his phone, noticing another urgent email regarding the Juniper. “Damn,” he grumbled. “Um, well, maybe. Maybe they’ve returned to an old port they once frequented. Barbary Coast got its name for a reason. The area had a lot of pirate activity in the past. The coastline is also practically a ship graveyard back from the gold rush days. Any of those could have caused the Serpent’s Cross to float into the bay,” he pointed out. 
      Sam nodded as he thought about what Rocky said. “I understand that, but it still doesn’t answer my question. Why would a cursed ship show up in San Francisco bay now?” he questioned.
      Rocky glared at his phone. “If we could answer that, we’d solve half our problem,” he said as he began to type something else on his phone. “Aw! That’s it,” he tossed his phone onto the bed. “I don’t know how everyone else is doing it, but I can’t type fast enough on that damn thing. I need a laptop,” he announced. 
      “So, buy a laptop,” Sam returned. 
      “I will,” Rocky said, grabbing his jacket from the maroon side chair, next to the bed. “You coming?”
      Sam frowned with confusion. “Now?” 
      “Yes, now. Come on. There has to be a store somewhere around here that sales laptops.” Rocky waved for him to follow. 
      They walked out into the hall, the door slamming behind them so hard it shook the walls. Rocky knocked on the door next door. 
      “Hey, Paul,” he called out. 
      Paul answered the door, toothbrush hanging out the side of his mouth. “Yeah?” he mumbled.
      “We’re heading over to the office supply store down the street,” Rocky informed.
      Paul rose a finger, then disappeared into the restroom to spit. “Hold on.” He called. With a quick gargle, he reappeared at the door. “There’s nothing decent to watch on TV. I’ll come with you,” he offered, grabbing his jacket from the back of the door. “We can grab some dinner on the way back. They have something called the Lamplight District I want to go check out. We might as well do something touristy,” he mentioned.
      Rocky shrugged. “I believe that’s where we’re heading.” He glanced to his side, noticing Sam had floated off. “Sam?” he called out.
      Sam appeared by the hallway railings, looking down ten stories into the atrium below. “You know the cool thing about being dead is I could jump off this floor right now and I know nothing would happen to me.”
      Both Rocky and Paul rolled their eyes at the same time. “Come on, Sam. Stop fooling around. I have work to do,” Rocky called.
      They started walking towards the elevators, Sam floating close behind. “Why the office store?” Paul asked as he pushed the elevator button.
      “I ran out of thumbtacks and hand sanitizer,” Sam replied as they entered the elevator. 
      “Should I ask?” Paul whispered to Rocky, who urgently shook his head no. 
      The three paused, realizing there were people in the elevator with them. Behind them stood six very stunned and anxious teenage girls, all wearing volleyball uniforms. 
      Rocky turned to the girls, grinning. “Sorry about that. Don’t mind him. He’s just dead,” he explained.
      “Just? I’m just going for a bite to eat. I’m just going to park the car. Just doesn’t exactly go with dead,” Sam barked.
      One of the girls gasped. “I know them. That’s Rocky from that haunted show. And that must be Sam. He’ a ghost,” the girl whispered to her friends.
      “He’s real? OMG, seriously?” another one of the girls squealed. 
      “I can’t believe it! I watch Haunted Ends all the time,” a freckle-faced brunette said.
      “You? Really, Kaylee?” her friend accused.
      “Okay, my mom turns it on, but I watch when I’m in the room with her,” the girl argued back. 
      “Hey, Rocky. Who knew we had fans in San Diego?” Sam announced as they all hurried out of the elevator and into the hotel’s lobby.
      “Really?” two of the girls squealed. 
      “In the flesh… well, one of us,” Rocky returned.
      Paul stepped to the side, rolling his head on his shoulders. “Great. Something tells me I’m never going to eat tonight.” 
      For several minutes Rocky and Sam signed hotel napkins and answered questions about them and the show until Paul had cleared his throat enough times to grow hoarse. 
      “Okay, we’re coming. Paul heads up the show’s security and he can get a bit irritable when he doesn’t eat regularly,” Sam explained to the girls.
      Both hurried after Paul, finding him pacing outside the hotel.
      Sam paused by the doors of the hotel, glancing back to the bay. “You know, guys, I’m not much for watching you two eat. I’m going to take a walk and get some fresh air,” he called as Paul and Rocky walked away.
      “Sure thing, Sam. We’ll meet back up with you later,” Rocky encouraged, almost as if he wanted a few hours away from Sam. Or was Sam reading into something that wasn’t there? He wasn’t certain if either was the case, nor did it really matter.
      They parted ways and soon Sam found himself walking along the waterway again. He loved taking long walks by the ocean, yet now that he was dead, he seldom found the time to. 
      He paused to watch two seagulls on a lamp pole above, fighting over a scrap of fish. He had a hunch that that morning the fish didn’t wake up from his ocean bed thinking his dead body would be the cause of a seagulls squabble. He looked away when a fish eye popped out and bounced off the railing and back into the water. At least the eye got away.
      “You should’ve seen them yesterday. They managed to catch an octopus. There were tentacles everywhere. It was disgusting,” a man spoke from behind Sam.
      He turned to find a man standing behind him. He looked somewhere between forty and fifty years old. His dirty blond hair was long and shabby and so was his graying beard. His clothing looked like he could have starred in a shipwreck movie. What really caught Sam’s attention was that he could see the lamppost directly through the man.
      “Been cruisin’ the astral plane long?” Sam asked.
      The man shrugged shyly. “Long enough to know the world is changing and not in a good way.” He stood next to Sam, looking over the cement barrier that separated the walkway from the water. “You know, I’ve been sitting over there for the past three days and not one person has bothered to stop and check on me,” he said, motioning to his own body sitting off to the side of the walkway. He wore a blue baseball cap that covered his face slightly.
      “Must be the cap,” Sam pointed out.
      The man shook his head, showing his frustration. “Some bozo put it on my head this morning and told me to get a job. I had a job. I was a scientist and I came up with one humdinger of a theory. Some jackass proved my work had an insignificant error in my calculations and wham!” he slapped his hands together, stirring the seagulls from their lamp perch. “I’m sitting on a street corner begging for my dinner.”
      Sam stared at him as he floated over to his body. His decaying body stunk of bourbon and hot dogs. “You sure you didn’t drink yourself to death?”
      The man shrugged. “Some days it was tacos. Some days it was whiskey. It’s whatever I could find,” he mentioned. He attempted to kick his own shoe, his ghostly foot slipping through his own human foot. “Damn strange, that’s for sure.”
      “Yah, I know. I went to the morgue to see my body. It’s not something anyone can ever prepare for,” Sam said as he thought back to the last time he saw his body.
      “You expire around here too?” the man asked.
      “San Francisco. I’ve been lurking around with a paranormal medium since I expired. We’re working on a case for the government at the moment,” Sam explained.
      “Oh, well then, I better not take up anymore of your time,” the man returned. “Been nice talking with you…” he offered his hand to Sam.
      “Sam and,” he glanced down at the man’s hand, “you really don’t want to do that. Spectral energy doesn’t mesh. We’re apt to blow something up,” he warned.
      The man pulled his hand away, scratching his hair instead. “That makes sense. Uh, Sam, could you do me a favor? Have your medium friend let someone know about me. I don’t want them to find me only because I’m smelling,” the man requested.
      “Will do,” Sam returned. He turned back to the hotel, deciding he had enough of a stroll for one evening. 
      When Sam returned to the room, Rocky was sitting on the bed, grumbling over his new laptop. He glanced at Sam as he floated by the bed towards the window. 
      “I wondered when you were going to blow through. Where did you end up?” Rocky asked, his attention on his laptop. “Password. What the fuck? It’s my computer. I don’t need a… ugh!”
      “And you were doing so well,” Sam said. 
      “Well? As in?” Rocky muttered. 
      “Your cursing. You haven’t been cursing as much lately,” Sam mentioned. His comment was returned with an icy glare from Rocky. “Not that I blame you. Setting up a new computer can be a real bitch.”
      Rocky released one loud “Ha!” from his throat. “Great, I’m in. Finally! It’s like brain surgery just to log onto this damn thing. All I want is my email, you evil piece of….” he smacked his hand on the bed to vent his frustration. “I thought computers were supposed to get easier to use.”
      Sam floated over to the bed, taking a seat at the foot. “I ran into a ghost on the walkway. His body is still out there. Any chance can you call the authorities and let them know—“
      Rocky grabbed his phone from the nightstand and handed Sam the phone. “9-1-1. You can call,” he offered. 
      “Oh, I suppose.” Sam took the phone, dialing. “Yes, hi. Uh, no emergency. I was walking along the walkway of Seaport Village and I noticed a guy who looked to be dead for a while. I was hoping someone could check in on him. Yah, he was wearing a red baseball cap. Um… Sam Thomas. I’m borrowing this phone from a friend. Sure, yes, you can reach me at this number. Thanks.”
      He hung up, setting the phone next to him. “Nice computer,” Sam mentioned, motioning to Rocky’s new seventeen inch screen laptop. 
      Rocky huffed. “It was the only one they had in stock.” His fingers glided across the keyboard. “Ah, email. Password. Oh hell. I don’t remember what my…” he glanced at Sam, noticing his saddened expression. “People die, Sam. You’re living proof. Don’t let it get you down. We have more important things to deal with.” 
      Sam nodded slowly as he closed his eyes. “I know,” he sighed. “Knowing that life ends bother’s me sometimes… especially since I had to go through dying myself. At least I had Casey with me when I died. That poor ol’ guy had no one,” he said downtrodden. “I just wish there was something more I could do for him.”
      Rocky set his laptop off to the side. “You called the police. That’s at least something. Sam, as you’ve figured out, death isn’t always a bad thing. There is a lot less you have to contend with and a heck of a lot less stress,” he pointed out.
      Sam’s mouth twisted with his lack of amusement. “Right? I’m traveling around with you, trying to solve the murders of other fellow spirits. Add on top of that dealing with a cursed ship, who one of my friends is terrified of. You don’t consider any of this at all stressful to you?” 
      Rocky shrugged as he smacked the bed next to his laptop again. “No, this is the fun stuff. I enjoy figuring out mysteries and helping ghosts. It’s dealing with permits, bookkeeping and licensing that’s stressful to me.” He scanned over his email again.  His teeth gritted so hard that they were at risk of shattering at any moment. “And damn broken mirrors. What the hell!?”
      “Wait.” Sam waved his hands to gain Rocky’s attention from his email issues. “Did you actually say living proof?” he questioned, thinking back to what Rocky said. 
      “Huh?” Rocky glanced at Sam again. “Oh, yeah,” he chuckled. “Just a figure of speech. Hand me back my phone, would you? You may want to float around the lobby for a bit. I’m about to tell them, in detail, where to stick this damn mirror once and for all.”
      Sam decided that he didn’t want any part of Rocky’s business matters, he slipped out into the hallway and directly in the way of a housekeeping cart. The cart ran directly through him as did the maid. He stood there in the hallway, stunned and a little perplexed. 
      “Don’t you hate it when that happens?” A man asked from behind Sam.
      Sam turned to see a man, at least six-six, weighing in around a hundred and fifty pounds. He was dressed in old west clothing with a black leather vest. They were the type of clothing that dated back to the old west, not the kind one could find in the local costume shop.  He had his knee bent and was resting his raised foot against the aluminum walls that surrounded the elevator bank. Considering Sam could see the bank of elevators through him, he knew the man was a ghost like him. 
      “Honestly, I don’t think I’ll ever get used to it. You?” Sam replied honestly.
      The man grimaced as he pushed away from the elevators. “Been dead too long to notice anymore. Hey, I’m Nick, by the way,” he introduced.
      “Sam—“
      “Thomas, yeah, I know. The old man asked me to come find you. He heard you had some troubles up north and he believes he can help you,” Nick explained. 
      Sam nodded skeptically. “Old man? Who is this old man?”
      Nick shrugged as he tapped his boot against a planter. “They call him the Marshal. He shows up now and again when one of us gets out of line. He’s drinking at the saloon down the road. I’ll show you the way,” Nick offered, motioning to the banister. 
      Sam glanced over to the railing. “What, no elevator?”
      “Do I look human to you?” Nick questioned. He stepped through the railing and into the open space above the atrium. “Get a move on. We don’t have all night.”
      Sam hesitated to follow. He still wasn’t used to being a ghost and the idea of stepping out into thin air frightened him a little. He had flown over San Francisco, walked through walls, but he still had a slight fear of heights. He closed his eyes as he slipped through the railing. Instantly, he plummeted to the ground. Below, he could see a station set up with snacks coming closer and closer until, SMASH!
      Tortilla chips mixed with salsa, carrot sticks and celery all flew up into the air, landing like hail all around Sam. He looked up from, his face covered in onion dip… and only his face.
      Guests watched on, staring at Sam as he floated off the satiation’s counter. All anyone could see was a perfect mask of onion dip floating around.
      “GHOST!” someone screamed, causing people to run about the lobby. Some race to come see and some raced away in fright.
      Nick floated down next to Sam, barely able to hold back his laughter. “Boy, you certainly know how to make an entrance.”
      “First time trying to jump off thirteen floors,” Sam grumbled. He faded into orb form, allowing the onion dip to slip off of his face. The dip flopped to the floor in a gooey mess. “That’s a first.”
      Nick stared down at the onion dip. “Anything sour cream based, yogurt too. We’re not sure why, but it sticks like ink to leather,” he mentioned. “We better high-tail it out of here before they come looking for answers.”
      Sam agreed. The last thing he wanted is Rose to yell at him again for causing problems. Not that it really mattered, only that her high-pitched yelling voice caused his particles to vibrate and not in a good way. 
      He followed Nick to the trolley station across the street from the hotel where they waited for the next trolley to arrive.
      “We’re traveling on the trolley?” Sam questioned.
      Nick nodded. “It’s quicker.”
      The trolley arrived and the two slipped inside. Sam felt a little guilty not paying. However, it wasn’t like he was taking up any space. There were only a few people on the trolley, which Sam thought rather odd considering it was eight o’clock. 
      A few minutes later, the trolley stopped at a station in Old Town. Sam understood why they went to Old Town. Typically, whenever a city had an “Old Town” section, that’s where ghosts would hang out the most. 
      From the trolley station to the saloon, Nick didn’t say a word to Sam. At they approached the saloon, now Mexican restaurant, Nick kept his head down as he guided Sam inside. 
      The restaurant inside looked like any other Mexican restaurant. There were colorful blankets on the walls. The tables were painted in bright colors with matching wood chairs. Behind the bar was an assortment of tequila, some with the worm but most without. 
      A weathered man with white stubble about his cheeks and chin sat at the bar, nursing a tall shot. He was dressed in the same era of clothing as Nick, only he was dressed all in black. He glanced at Sam, nodding.
      “Good. You’ve been released of your debt,” he told Nick.
      Nick nodded anxiously. “Sir. Thank you, sir.” He hurried off, leaving Sam to fend for himself. 
      The man tapped the barstool next to him with the toe of his boot, offering it to Sam. “Have a seat. We need to talk.”
      Sam hesitated to sit, but figured what harm could come of it. “I’m Sam—“
      “Thomas. Yes. At least that fool got something right for once. John Morris. Most around here call me The Marshal,” he introduced, his voice long and drawn. “And you, Mr. Thomas, have broken the rules.”
      Sam stared at him in question. “What rules?”
      The Marshal turned to Sam, his left eye white and unseeing. He squinted, staring directly through Sam. “For one, the living shouldn’t know we exist. You, going on national television, that’s not natural. You need to put a stop to—“
      Sam shook his head. “If there were rules, no one told me. I work with the Haunted Ends crew helping them solve mysteries that help our kind finally rest in peace. If that’s against the rules, someone should have told me that a year ago. Now, Nick said you had some information about our ship problem in San Francisco? Let’s hear it.” 
      The Marshal chuckled as he took a sip from his shot glass. “They told me you had spirit… in a manor of speaking.”
      “Hurry this up! I have a plane to catch in a few hours,”  Sam demanded. 
      The Marshal chuckled then motioned to his drink. His shot glass mysteriously filled to the brim again. Sam didn’t see any other spirits in the restaurant, let alone one filling his drink. Regardless of how the alcohol managed to arrive in his shot glass, the Marshal took no time empting it.
      “Captain Helter,” he began with a smack of his lips. “Is a ruthless son-of-a-bitch who sails the high seas looking for a water serpent called a Hyshed. He’s like a Captain Ahab and that Moby whale fellow. Only Helter is cursed. When he finds his water snake, he and his crew will finally be free,” he explained.
      Sam nodded, half amused and half annoyed. At least he knew a little of the back story. “Okay, but why is he in San Francisco?”
      The Marshal wet his lips with his tongue. “There’s no way to know for sure unless you ask him, something I wouldn’t suggest. Souls who go aboard the Serpent’s Cross tend to stick around,” he warned. 
      Sam exhaled slowly. “A Hyshed? Are there any of those around anymore?” he asked, thinking in the back of his mind that if he could in someway help the captain catch one that maybe then they would leave San Francisco.
      The Marshal chuckled as he tapped on his shot glass. Once again the shot glass filled with tequila. “They’re a myth only. No one has ever seen one,” he mentioned.
      “One idea out the window,” Sam thought. He nodded to the Marshal. “Thanks for the information. I’ll pass it along to my shells.”
      “Shells?” the Marshal questioned.
      “My live friends,” Sam elaborated. “Enjoy.” He motioned to the shot glass then started to float away.
      “And Sam,” the Marshal spoke up, causing Sam to pause. “I’ll be watching you.”
      Sam nodded slowly then continued out the door. “You do that.”
      When Sam found his way back to the hotel room, he was surprised to see Rocky still on the phone. As soon as Rocky saw Sam though, he muted his call.
      “Twenty minutes now on hold with customer’s service. Where did you wander off too?” Rocky asked. 
      Sam continued over to a seat in the corner. “Long story. Let’s just say I found out that Captain Helter is hunting Moby Dick.”
      Rocky stared at Sam as if he were insane. “Moby what?” He paused, holding up his hand. “Yes, uh, right… order number,” he hurried over to his computer on the bed. “Hold on. My computer went to sleep. Here, the number is—“
      
      
      
      

Chapter Six
      Around ten the next morning, the group of three peered out the tiny window of the airplane as they approached the San Francisco airport. Everyone who had access to the left side of the airplane crowded against the other windows, all fixated on the enormous pirate ship docked in the bay below them. The ship looked like it hadn’t moved an inch since they last saw it. From their distance high in the sky, they could see several skeletons on board. The skeletons were oddly looking towards the sky as if they knew that their team was returning. 
      The ship was now surrounded by a naval battleship and a conglomeration of other military vehicles both on land and on the sea. Several helicopters circled the ship. Some of the helicopters were obviously military while others were mostly from news stations. 
      “Looks like they haven’t figured out a way to tow the ship back out to sea yet,” Sam pointed out.
      “Yes, it seems so. Do you have any ideas what our next move should be?” Paul questioned to Rocky.
      “Why can’t they blow the ship us? A couple of well-placed missiles should do the trick,” Rocky asked Paul.
      “Too much of a risk for potentially harming citizens. Plus, we don’t know what’s in their cargo hold,” Paul pointed out. “Besides, what if we did destroy the ship and those skeletons manage to survive? We’d have skeletons running through the streets of San Francisco without any means to destroy them. At least on the ship they’re detained.” 
      “I don’t think it would work any how. If the Marshal is right and that is a cursed ship, they need to fulfill their task before they’re released,” Sam mentioned.
      Paul turned to Sam, squinting at him even though he couldn’t see him. “The Marshal?”
      “A weird old cowboy that I met last night. He sent one of his goons to find me claiming to have some information. All I really found out is that for the ship to be uncursed they have to kill some kind of water snake that never actually existed,” Sam attempted to explain, even though his explanation even confused him. 
      “Oh, okay,” Paul mouthed, taken back. 
      All along, Rocky was oblivious to their conversation. He was too deep in thought to pay attention to either of them. “We need to go back to Vegas,” he thought out loud as he drummed his fingers on the armrest of his seat.
      “Awesome! I know you’d come to your senses,” Sam said with a twinkle in his eyes. He turned to Rocky, his eyes squinting in question. “Wait just a minute. What’s in Vegas?”
      “Didn’t you two just come back from Vegas? How many vacations does a ghost need?” Paul pointed out. 
      “I’m dead, Paul. As many as I want. Only problem though, this guy has to come with me,” Sam said. Paul started to ask something else, but Sam interrupted before he could continue. “I can only travel about ten miles away from him before I start losing energy and I end up stuck wherever I’m am, answer your question.” He turned back to Rocky. “Vegas?” He nudged Rocky. 
      The airplane glided to the ground with ease, coming to a stop. The seatbelt sign blinked off giving the okay for passengers to gather their things.
      Rocky nodded nervously as he thought. Paul had to slap his arm and point to the seatbelt sign before Rocky registered that they had landed. Rocky grew closer to Paul and Sam while the people around him began to depart the airplane.
      “Right. You said we’re dealing with an evil presence on board that ship, ah, this Captain named Helter. I was thinking, demons are in essence evil. We need to talk to a demon to gain a better understanding of our situation and how we can convince this Captain to shove off.”
      “Good one,” Sam complimented.
      Rocky shook his head, Sam’s comment throwing off his concentration. “Silvia deals with demons on a weekly basis. She would know how to contact one that might being cordial enough to help us. She’s currently filming in Vegas with the rest of the team. And… it’s Vegas. Where better to find a demon?” he concluded, standing from his seat.
      “He’s lost his mind,” Sam gasped, turning to Paul. “But he does have a good point.”
      Paul nodded with stiff movements. Rocky wasn’t certain if it because of his age, his concern, or having had to sit in an airplane for two hours. 
      “First,” Paul began with a whistle, “I wasn’t aware that demons were a real thing. So, thank you for ruining my sleep for the next century. However, if it takes a demon to get rid of those… creatures, I suggest you find one and quickly.” He continued on, not realizing he had walked through Sam to reach the aisle until he felt a chill. “Sorry about that, Sam.”
      “Sure, whatever. I’m use to it.” Sam floated behind Paul. “I can’t believe this. They’ve both lost their freaking minds,” he whispered in astonishment. “Hey, guys, I don’t mind returning to Vegas, but a demon? I’ve met a few. You know those jerks are bad news, right? Right! Why can’t Silvia help us out instead? She has a real evil streak, can’t that be enough?”
      Rocky continued down the aisle and off of the airplane into the unloading tunnel. He was so deep in thought he completely forgot about his companions.
      Paul remained by Sam’s side, all the while shaking his head. “I hope whatever he’s contemplating works. Until we find a solution, that ship is a ticking time bomb,” he mentioned as he grabbed his carry-on from the overhead bin.
      “And I hope whatever he devises doesn’t get him killed or worse,” Sam mumbled low. 
      “What’s worse than death?” Paul questioned.
      “Plenty,” Sam returned. “We better catch up with him before he does something stupid.”
      When they finally found Rocky, he was in the baggage claim area talking on his cell phone, pacing between two columns. 
      “Albuquerque?” Rocky glanced at the two, giving them a quick hand wave. “How long ago? Damn. No, this needs to be in person. The only other person I know that could help us is currently in South Africa. Marcus? Yeah, sure, if you want. We might as well get some coverage. We’ll meet him there. I’m going to see if we can catch a flight down there now. No, we just arrived from San Diego. The Professor? Different, that’s all I can say about him. Got it. Thanks,” he exchanged into his phone then hung up. 
      He turned to Paul and Sam, scowling. “Change of plans. Sam and I are going to catch a flight to Albuquerque to talk to Silvia. She was called away for an emergency exorcism. We’re meeting Marcus at the airport. Paul, you’re sitting out this leg,” he explained.
      Paul nodded, an expression of relief washing over his tired eyes. “Sounds good. I’m not one for chasing demons anyhow,” he said, but it was obvious he was relieved that he didn’t have to jump back into another airplane. 
      They parted ways, Paul to go home and Sam with Rocky to purchase a new set of airplane seats.
      In a blink of an eye, they were back in another airplane heading to Albuquerque. This time Sam sat in the aisle seat and Rocky looked out the window. Between them sat a rather hefty woman with breasts so large they hung passed her navel. 
      Rocky kept seeing Sam stare at the woman. It was then Rocky was grateful she couldn’t see Sam staring. It was also then that Rocky wished he couldn’t see Sam either. He kept glancing over at Sam, watching his odd expression. He turned away to look out the window, trying his hardest not to laugh. 
      Once they were in the air, the woman reached under her seat and pulled out her purse, setting it on Sam’s seat. 
      “What the…?” Sam grumbled. 
      Rocky jumped. “Uh, would you mind? That seat’s taken,” he said, motioning to her purse. 
      The woman looked to the empty seat. “Um, no. It’s empty. Whoever bought it obviously didn’t show,” she returned with a snarl. 
      “The hell I didn’t,” Sam snipped back.
      The woman’s eyes opened wide as she glared down at Sam’s seemingly empty seat. “Wha—?“
      “Just do me a favor and don’t use that seat, please,” Rocky pleaded with the woman. 
      She removed her purse, holding it close to her body as she continued to stare at the seat. “Uh, okay,” she said, her already pale face paling further. 
      “Thank you,” Sam returned. “Hey, Rocky. I’m going to dim for a bit. Mind waking me when we get there? My energy is sapped,” he asked. 
      Rocky nodded, trying his best not to cause the woman sitting between them to feel more awkward than she already looked. He returned to look out the window. They were passing over the San Mateo Bridge, which made him wonder.
      “Sam’s right. Why choose San Francisco now of all times?” he muttered out loud accidently, recalling Sam’s question from the previous day. 
      “Why does an earthquake happen?” the woman in the middle spoke up.
      Rocky turned to her. “What was that?”
      “Why does a volcano explode? The time chose it, not the other way around,” she continued. 
      “Ah, okay,” Rocky returned, unsure how to respond.
      Suddenly a bird hit his window. He turned to see a raven bump into the window with enough intensity to leave behind a small trail of blood. The bird slipped away, flapping intensely for a moment to look inside the window at Rocky then flew off. 
      “Do you believe…” he turned back to the woman, but she had disappeared, “…that? I don’t believe it.” 
      “Believe what?” Sam yawned. “Hey, where’s…?” he motioned to the woman’s seat. 
      Rocky shrugged, shaking his head from his shock. “Everywhere we go, people keep disappearing,” he mentioned.
      Sam pointed to the seat where an outline of the woman’s rear still graced the cushion. “Well, she was here, whoever she was. I bet the seat’s warm too. Check it out.”
      “No ffft— uh, no way. You’re a sick man, Sam.” Rocky relaxed his head back, closing his eyes. He’d grown so accustom to ghosts that he was beyond trying to figure out what happened to any of them anymore. Sam ignored it also.
      Two hours, and three bad sitcoms playing on the onboard entertainment screen, later, they landed at Albuquerque international airport. Surprisingly, Marcus was already waiting for them in the baggage claims. His camera filming them as Rocky and Sam walked towards him.
      “Don’t you ever give it a rest?” Sam called out, causing everyone around them to turn to see who talked.
      “I could ask you the same question,” Rocky barked low. “Come on, Sam. Keep a low profile. We don’t have time to sign a thousand autographs.”
      “A thousand? You wish,” Sam grumbled back.
      Marcus lowered his camera as they approached. “If I did, the network would stop paying me,” he pointed out. He slipped a piece of paper from his front shirt pocket, handing it to Rocky. “This is where Silvia is working today. Rose called her and let her know we’re coming. A car is waiting in front of the airport to take us there,” he explained.
      Rocky nodded, blinking several times to clear the sleepy feeling from his eyes. “Cool. Uh, how did Vegas go?” he asked as they walked out of the airport.
      Marcus hoisted his camera bag onto his shoulder then used the back of his black Haunted Ends Crew shirt to wipe his sweaty dark brow. 
      “Okay, I suppose. It would have been better if you guys were there and we weren’t all worried about some ship plaguing home,” Marcus mentioned.
      “Plague may be right. Who knows what’s on that ship?” Sam mentioned low. 
      Marcus stared blankly down at the floor where Sam hovered. “Oh man. I’m afraid to ask, but how did things go with your friend in San Diego? Did you find your professor friend?”
      “I’d hardly call him a friend,” Sam grumbled.
      Rocky chuckled under his breath as he shook his head. “He told us a little about the ship, but not how to get it to leave San Francisco. Sam met a strange old man calling himself  The Marshal and he said something about the Captain, Helter, was cursed to search the sea for some imaginary sea snake, but said nothing about how to get rid of him and his crew. All I really know right now is that the only person, as in ghost, who knows how to convince the ship to leave is hiding from it. The only way to find this ghost, Arthur, is to request the assistance of a demon to help us search for him,” he explained.
      “Wow, that’s a lot to take in,” Marcus returned with an astonished whistle. 
      “Wait, I thought we were looking for a demon to tell us how to get rid of the evil that surrounding the ship not hunt down one of my friends? Also, since when can demons find missing souls?” Sam gasped.
      Marcus held up his left hand. “Hold on now. Demons? Like horny, scaly creature straight from the mouth of hell, demons? I didn’t know there were real demons out there. I thought that was all some made up story in Sunday school to keep kids in line.”
      “You and Paul both,” Sam said.
      “What did you think Silvia does on her house cleanings?” Rocky questioned.
      Marcus shook his head, his bloodshot eyes wide with both horror and confusion. “I wasn’t sure. I thought she, you know, spiritually cleaned houses with sage and mystical shit. I didn’t think she was an actual exorcist,” he returned low.
      “Silvia isn’t an exorcist. You have to be a ordained priest for that. She’s just very,” Rocky grimaced, trying to think of the right word, “…convincing.” 
      “A better word would be annoying,” Sam grumbled under his breath. 
       Marcus chuckled nervously. “Oh, man, I was so much more innocent before I came to work for you all. I should have stuck with shooting diaper commercials,” he added.
      “You and Paul both,” Rocky joked. “Diapers?”
      Marcus’ nose wrinkled up as he waved his hand, signaling for Rocky not to ask questions. 
      “Seriously, Rocky, you really don’t want to seek out a demon’s help unless you’re desperate. If it’s Arthur you’re after, let’s go back to San Francisco and let me do some digging. I’m sure I’ll find where he’s hiding. There’s no need to get the underworld involved,” Sam offered. 
      “I understand your concern, Sam, but we’re short on time. This will be quicker,” Rocky explained. 
      The three exited the airport, finding a black SUV waiting for them. Rocky was shocked to see the Haunted Ends’ shows coach driver, Manny, behind the steering wheel. 
      “Manny! What brings you down this direction?” Rocky asked as he offered the man his hand to shake. 
      “I was in the neighborhood and heard you needed a lift. That and the boss offered to send me south for a few days to help escort Silvia around town. I thought it was a lot safer than staying in San Francisco with a cursed ship,” Manny said. “Where are we heading?”
      Rocky handed Manny the address Marcus gave him. He tapped it into the GPS and merged into traffic. 
      “Oh, back to where Silvia’s cleaning that house. Hope you’re prepared to see some strange shit,” Manny shuttered. 
      “He says that knowing there’s a ghost in the back seat,” Marcus pointed out.
      Manny released one loud HA! “Right, forgot about that. How ya doin’, Sam?”
      “Ehh, you know how it goes,” Sam returned. 
      Rocky settled into the front seat, setting his duffle bag on the floor behind his seat where he knew Sam was sitting. Even before he died, Sam’s legs couldn’t touch the floor, so he knew Sam wouldn’t have an issue. 
      “Hey, Manny, before we head over to Silvia’s, could you stop off someplace to eat? I haven’t eaten since five this morning and I could really use a cup of coffee,” Rocky requested. 
      “Make that four for me,” Marcus added.
      “The time or how many cups of coffee you need?” Manny jabbed as he guided the car away from the curb.
      “Both,” Marcus returned honestly, the bags under his eyes showing just how exhausted he was. 
      Sam glanced down at his wrist, even though there was no wristwatch. “I still have you both beat by over a year,” he returned.
      “If you suddenly grow a stomach and eyelids, you’ll have our sympathy,” Rocky grumbled. 
      “And when you grow a heart, you’ll have mine,” Sam sneered back, then turned to look out the window.
      Manny and Marcus turned to each other, both questioning why Rocky and Sam were at each other’s throats. 
      “They’ve been traveling together a lot lately,” Marcus explain low to Manny. 


Chapter Seven
      At the corner of Eighth Street and some name that started with a “P,” Manny parked the car. All four gazed out the window at the street sign, noticing the metal of the sign was mangled beyond recognition. A strange orange gooey substance dripped from the sign, rolling in globs down the pole. 
      “Should we ask?” Marcus asked Sam beside him.
      Sam shook his head slowly back and forth. “Call it a bad cold. I highly suggest not touching it. Once again, I’m warning you, Rocky. Don’t get involved with demons. They’re bad news. They’ll make it seem like their on your side and WHAM! You’ll find yourself facedown in a pile of sulfur and hot coals or worse, bathing in pool of lava with the big guy himself, goat horns and all.” 
      “Silvia deals with demons all of the time,” Marcus pointed out.
      “Silvia is special. She comes from a long line of demon annoyers. Plus, she knows what she’s up against,” Sam warned.
      Rocky patted Manny’s shoulder as he opened the SUV’s door. “Wait in the car. We’ll be back.”
      “You’re damn right I’m going to wait here. Think I want to get messed up in this nonsense?” Manny returned as he flung a French fry into him mouth.
      The group of three hurried across the street and up the steps to the door of a typical seventies style home painted tan with white trim. The front porch was in need of a fresh coat of tan paint. Rocky swung open the squeaky screen door, knocking on the solid, weather-worn door beyond.
      “Who is it?” Silvia called out.
      “Silvia it’s Rocky. I need to talk to you,” he called out.
      Silvia opened the door and waved the group inside. With her outstretched palm, she forced Marcus to remain behind in the living room. 
      “Nah-way. This is a private situation. No cameras!” she barked. “You, outside with that thing. I don’t want this demon getting any ideas that he’d going to star in some new television show,” she warned, pointing for Marcus to remain in the living room.
      “Okay, okay, okay. I’ll stay out here. I’d rather go in without anyhow,” Marcus said, his hand rising to fend back her negative vibes. 
      She waved Sam and Rocky to follow her into the next room. Inside was a bedroom, the drapes were closed tight and several candles were lit around the room. There were an odd assortment of spiritual tools scattered about the room, but what everyone was focused on was the six-foot-eight, naked, heavy-set, and very hairy man hovering over the bed. 
      “Not to be rude and bring attention to the elephant in the room, but… should we be in here?” Sam mentioned, motioning to the man.
      Silvia waved Sam on, grimacing at his comment. “Him? Don’t worry about him. He’s been like this for a few days. A few more minutes won’t matter much. So, Rocky, what’s so urgent that you had to follow me all the way down to this unsanitized toilet seat of a town?” 
      “We need to have a conversation with a demon,” Rocky blurted out.
      Silvia spun to Rocky, her dark brow wrinkled up like a wadded up tissue. “Run that by me again.”
      “A demon. You know, a soulless creature born from the bowels of hell, set to destroy the planet—” Sam repeated. “Mind you, this isn’t my idea.” 
      Silvia’s hands went to her ample hips. “Boy, you’re both crazier than a crawdad on a hot oiled skillet. There’s no way no damn demon will help you let alone talk to you. Trust me.” She turned back to the possessed man, who was now rising up to the ceiling and groaning like a cow. “Sit your ass back down in that bed until I’m finished.”
      The man’s body dropped, bouncing on the mattress below him. “Fine! Take your time. I have nothing better to do,” the man growled in an unholy, screeching voice.
      “That’s better,” Silvia huffed. She turned back to Rocky and Sam. “Now tell me again why do you need to talk to a demon?” 
      “Silvia, we know a man who can tell us how to get rid of the Serpent’s Cross, but he’s missing,” Rocky explained.
      “We believe he fled intentionally because he has some connection to the ship,” Sam added.
      Silvia’s hand rose to her pulsing forehead. “Hold on now. Serpent’s Cross? Lost man? What are you two going on about?” 
      “The cursed ship docked in San Francisco Bay, the Serpent’s Cross,” Sam explained.
      “Report him to missing person’s then. Let the police find him. Do anything but get messed up with all of this. Rocky, seriously, listen to Sparkles here. Don’t get messed up with any of this,” Silvia barked, waving back to the hovering man.
      “It’s a disembodied soul and we need a demon bloodhound to help track him down,” Rocky added.
      “You know that’s only a rumor, right?” she mentioned skeptically.
      Rocky glanced at the door, his expression stone and his mind distant as if recalling a memory. “Uh, let’s say this wouldn’t be my first time doing this.”
       “Ah, I see,” Silvia returned. She shook her head as if she couldn’t believe what Rocky was planning. “You’d have better luck talking to the local haunts around San Francisco,” Silvia pointed out. 
       “It’s Arthur,” Sam brought up. Rocky knew why his friend mentioned his name, only wishing he didn’t have to. Both he and Rocky knew that mentioning the spirit who once possessed her was bound to rub a raw nerve.
      Silvia’s eyes widened. “Oh no, you didn’t just say that name. That slimy, no good for nothing—“
      “We talked to Professor Flores and he mentioned that Arthur is the only spirit whose skeleton is still on board that ship. Somehow he managed to escape eternal damnation and we need to know how,” Rocky insisted. 
      “Hey, aren’t you those two idiots from that television show?” the possessed man asked.
      “You know us?” Sam questioned.
      Silvia spun to the man, pointing directly at him. “Didn’t I tell you to sit your ass down?” she growled between gritted teeth.
      The man rolled his eyes, then continued to roll them into the back of his head.
      “That’s just… freaky,” Rocky gulped. 
      Silvia’s head bobbed on her thick neck several times before she was able to speak clearly again. “I understand your situation, I do, but there’s no way you’re ever going to get a demon to—“
      “I’ll help,” the possessed man spoke up, raising his hand.
      All three turned to the man. “What did you say?” Silvia questioned, unsure if she heard him correctly.
      The possessed man levitated over to them then turned the body to talk to Rocky. “I’ll do it. I don’t have anything better to do. We’ll end up continuing this for a few more days. I’ll bite, scratch and curse her. She’ll toss the book, say some bible passages that I don’t give a shit about, and probably toss some Holy water on me. I’ll eventually get bored and leave anyway… I kind of am already since she disconnected the television last night. I’m only possessing this man because he runs a strip club downtown and I wanted in on the action. I didn’t think his friend would call… this,” the man explained, motioning to Silvia. 
      “Well,” Rocky looked down to Sam, “he could be helpful.”
      “GREAT!” The man squealed. 
      The body dropped to the bed with a bounce. Suddenly it began to convulse as red smoke oozed from the man’s mouth. The red smoke gathered on the floor, forming an interesting little troll-like red demon about the size of a beagle. He had curled horns on both sides of his head and walked around on split hooves. He had a face of a pug-nosed dog and sported a pig’s snout. 
      “That’s it? All I had to do is find you something more interesting to do?” Silvia gasped, staring in wonder at the demon standing by her feet. 
      The demon shrugged his scaly shoulders. “No duh! So,” he clapped his hands together, “where are we heading? And tell me it has Wi-Fi? I really need to check my email. This idiot,” he motioned to the man whom he had been possessing, “couldn’t remember his stinkin’ password.” 
      Rocky and Sam stared at each other in amazement, both of their jaws gaping. Never had either of them seen such an unusual creature.
      “Uh… okay. The car’s parked out front,” Rocky said, motioning for the demon to follow them.
      “Rocky, are you sure about this?” Silvia asked before he could leave the room, her voice slightly squeaking. Rocky turned back, raising his hands and his shoulders as if to say he hadn’t a clue.
      “Hey, call me Paz,” the demon introduced. He glanced at Sam, who stood in front of him. “And speaking of short.”
      “Watch it, hell-turd! Just because I’m short doesn’t mean I can’t kick your scaly ass,” Sam barked back. 
      They walked out of the house, all the while Silvia followed close behind, flabbergasted that the demon was going along with Rocky and Sam peacefully.
      The demon turned to Silvia, giving her a farewell gesture with a middle finger flip from the top of his scaly head. “Later, toots. We’ll do this again sometime soon, I’m sure,” he called.
      “Rocky?” Silvia said with a warning scowl.
      Rocky nodded, understanding her concern. He didn’t like the idea any more than anyone else, but he had a job to do. “Marcus must have returned to the car. The car is parked over there,” he mentioned, pointing the way with an outstretched palm. “What kind of name is Paz?”
      “Short for Pazuzu. It’s is the type of demon I am. There’s no chance… in, well, you know where, I’d tell you my real name,” he said.
      “Why not?” Sam asked with curiosity.
      “To know a demon’s real name is to have control over him. Didn’t you watch any horror movies growing up?” Rocky explained as he hurried behind the two.
      Paz snapped his fingers, pointing up at Rocky. “Exactly. You’re not as dumb as you look,” he criticized. 
      Rocky rolled his eyes. “And you’re not the first scaly, beady-eyed demon to use that line on me,” he snipped back.
      Paz held his hand to his chest. “Oh, I’m wounded. And here I thought I was your first. So… you’re having a problem with a ship full of undead?”
      “Do you know it?” Sam asked as they walked into the street towards the car.
      Paz nodded as his long, thin rat-like tail whipped around his body. “Yeah, yeah. Saw it on television. Looks like the Serpent’s Cross from the pictures. It’s Captain Helter’s ship, if I recall correctly. He’s been roaming the seas since there were boats. That ol’ son-of-a-bitch is always out hunting for a few damned souls to help him hunt that,” he snapped his fingers as he tried to recall the story, “Hyshed, that’s it.” He paused a moment to feel the sun on his skin. “Oh, this is nice. I forgot how good the sun feels on my scales.”
      “Let me guess, you know Captain Helter personally?” Rocky surmised.
      Paz waved him on. “Oh, yeah, we go way back.”
      “How long have you known him?” Sam interrupted. Paz turned to him with a questioning, vacant stare. “Captain Helter?” he clarified. 
      “Oh, oh, oh, uh,” Paz paused to scratch his right horn along the base where it attached to his skull, “day three I believe. Or was it four?” He continued to scratch his left horn as he thought. “It’s hard to remember. It was light, it was dark, it was light again and in between all that a bunch of stuff happened,” he said, his brow arched in thought.
       “So, he’s a demon like you?” Sam pointed out.
      Paz let out one loud laugh. “Ha! No,” he finished seriously, his black eyes stern. “I’m fun to be around, he isn’t. He’s a soul-sucking human-demon hybrid who suckled from Lilith’s tit. He sucks the fun right out of everything he touches. A real kill-joy. He was cursed a long time ago for killing someone important, I can’t remember who exactly, and told to go hunt that Hyshed. Only when he captures that, that snake, will he’ll be able to redeem himself. Not that that will ever happen.” He ran towards the street. “I call shotgun.”
      Paz scurried off towards the car, leaving Sam and Rocky behind. They turned to each other, Sam asking, “How are we going to get him back to San Francisco? We can’t exactly fly home with a demon in coach,” he pointed out. 
      “I was thinking about using a dog carrier,” Rocky joked. Sam obviously didn’t buy it. “No… I have a contingency plan already, for once. We’re going to catch a ride home on the Silver Raven,” Rocky returned cryptically.
      “A what?” Sam questioned. 
      Marcus and Manny jumped out of the car. Both their eyes were wide with panic when they saw Paz scurrying towards them.
      “What the hell is that?” Marcus yelled, pointing to the front seat were Paz was jumping around, trying to look out the front window over the dash. 
      “What do you think?” Sam called back.
      Both Rocky and Sam rushed over to the SUV. Paz stood on his seat, looking out the window like an eager puppy. 
      “Get in the back!” Rocky demanded, pointing to the back seat. He turned to Marcus and to Manny, shaking his head. “You wouldn’t believe it if—“
      “If we saw it with our own eyes? Boy, that looks like a demon if the movies didn’t teach me anything else,” Manny spoke up, his hand clutching his heart. “If I never… WOW!”
      Rocky’s head wobbled on his shoulders. “Yeah, well—”
      “Paz offered to come along to help us out with our ship problem,” Sam spoke up.
      “Are you sure he said Paz and not spaz? What’s the catch?” Marcus asked low as he watched Paz slink into the front seat.
      “I don’t know, but I’m sure we’ll find out soon enough. He’s promised to behave. So,” Rocky explained, motioning for everyone to jump back in the car.
      Hesitantly, everyone took their seats in the car. This time Marcus took the front seat, with only a slight argument from Paz, leaving Rocky and Sam to handle their guest in the back.
      “Is Sparkles with us?” Marcus asked.
      “Yeah, I’m here,” Sam returned, rolling his eyes.
      “Sparkles?” Paz questioned. “Oh, isn’t that cute?” he sneered. He smacked his lips as if to rid it of a foul taste. 
      About a mile down the road, Marcus turned to Paz. “So, you were the one possessing that guy in there?” he asked. Paz shrugged dismissively. “I’m curious, why do demons like to possess people?”
      “Because they’re jerks most of the time,” Sam said under his breath.
      Paz glared at Sam with his dark, soulless eyes. “If you’ve been around as long as I have, you get bored. Possessing a human gives me something to do. I like to choose people who have interesting backgrounds. That guy in there runs a gentlemen’s nightclub. I thought it would be fun to be him for a little while. But then one of his dancers noticed something about him was off, called in a priest and that led to that bitch—”
      “Watch it, demon! That woman is our friend,” Sam growled, almost threatening.
      Paz rose from the seat, opening his arms wide for Sam to strike him. “Go ahead, Sparkles. I dare you!” he threatened back.
      Rocky glanced up from his phone, all the while shaking his head. “Demons, go figure. Though, I have to admit—”
      “See? Even this simple-minded human thinks it was a good idea,” Paz said, pointing eagerly at Rocky. He stood on his hind legs, hugging his arms around Rocky’s shoulders. “You know, human, I think I like you.”
      Manny spiked the breaks sending Paz flying against the passenger’s front seat, his horns protruding through the seat cushion. Thankfully Marcus saw what was about to happen and moved forward from his seat or he would have certainly been stabbed by Paz’s horns. 
      Rocky grabbed Paz, pulling him away from the seat along with some yellow foam from inside the seat.
      Outwardly ruffled, Paz sat back in his seat again, swatting away to foam from his horns. “Watch it, HUMAN!” he growled at Manny as he snapped the middle seatbelt across his lap. 
      “I never signed up for this. I was willing to overlook the ghost situation, but demons I have to draw the line at,” Manny announced as he glanced into the back seat through the rear-view mirror.
      “Prejudiced much?” Paz snarled. 
      “Now you wait here, you little—“ Manny started to yell.
      Rocky rested his hand on Manny's shoulder to calm him. “We need him. I promise he won’t cause any problems,” Rocky assured.
      “Any more problems, you mean,” Manny huffed, taking in a deep breath. “I’m going to look over my contract again. I don’t even know that this is legal to transport.”
      “Legal?” Marcus questioned.
      “Transporting wild animals,” Manny mentioned.
      Paz ‘s expression contorted in outrage. “I am not a wild animal!” 
      Once more, Manny spiked the brakes jerking Paz against his seatbelt. Only this time Rocky caught him before he slammed against the front seat. 
      Paz sat back again, strapping himself in securely as Manny drove on. “You promised that human I’d behave, but I sure in the hell didn’t promise nutin’. He does that one more time and no more Mr. Nicedemon,” he threatened low so only Rocky and Sam could hear him.
      “Save it until we get to San Francisco. I’m sure you’ll have plenty of opportunities to cause problems there,” Rocky returned.
      “And how are we going to do that?” Sam asked. Rocky glanced over at Sam with an expression of confusion. “Transport Paz?”
      “Oh.” Rocky tapped Manny’s shoulder. “Take a right and head to the airfield. I need to arrange for alternative transportation home.”
      A short time later, they arrived at a small airfield outside of town. Several small aircraft lined the runway, but nothing large enough to accommodate the five people. 
      “Why are we here? This place looks like a graveyard for baby planes,” Paz asked.
      Rocky pointed over to an air hanger. “Park the car over there. I know the guy who owns this place. We go way back,” he instructed.
      Manny parked allowing Rocky, Sam and Paz to scoot out of the back seat. Marcus started to step out of the car, only to be held back by Rocky. 
      “You can catch a regular flight back with Manny and Silvia. It would be safer for you. Besides, there’s not much room in one of these. Sorry for dragging you all the way out here for no reason,” Rocky apologized.
      Marcus continued to step out of the car, transferring his camera to the back seat so he had more room up front. “This time I’m not going to argue. I’m still being paid, so it doesn’t matter to me. I’ll see you back at home. Watch yourself around that… whatever that is,” he advised as he slipped back into the front passenger’s seat.
      The car drove on, leaving the three behind in a cloud of dust. 
      “What if your friend isn’t here?” Sam pointed out with concern as he floated beside Rocky’s left leg.
      A smirk came to Rocky’s thin lips. “He’s here. He’s always here… unless he’s not, then we’ll wait until he is,” he returned, waving Paz and Sam to follow.
      Inside the hanger was dimly lit with only thin windows near the domed roof to provide any light within. A thick layer of grit covered the windows, making what little light that managed to seep inside have an orangey tint. The creek-zip sound of a ratchet wrench lured the three further inside the building. In the distance, Rocky noticed a pair of legs protruding from the underbelly of a small, four-seat single-engine plane. Across the side of the airplane was the name, Silver Raven.
      “Stay here,” Rocky told the other two.
      “What would it matter? It’s not like anyone can see me,” Sam pointed out.
      Rocky turned to Sam. “You’re right, it wouldn’t matter if you kept your mouth shut. He’s already had two heart attacks and I’d rather he didn’t have another because you scared the crap out of him,” he explained. “Just… stay here. I’ll be right back.”
      The two remained behind as Rocky continued cautiously towards the legs. “Hey, Frenchy, is that you under there?” he called out. He waited a moment, the man didn’t move. Rocky knocked against the plane. “Yo, Francis, you home?” he called out louder.
      “Depends on who’s asking,” a voice vibrated loudly from under the airplane.
      The legs rolled outward followed by hips and a white T-shirt covered in oil. Soon followed a man wearing such enormous goggles it was a miracle he could see anything. He removed his earplugs and turned off his mp3 player in his front pocket.
      “Rocky, is that you?” he called back. He wiped the grease away from his goggles as he sat up from his car creeper. “Holy shit! It is you. I thought I recognized your voice. Wow, how the heck are you?”
      Rocky knelt to the man, offering his hand to shake. Frenchy reached for it, but paused to first wipe his hand off on his work rag. “I thought you’d still be here. I hate to drop in on you like this.”
      “No problem. Ah, man, it’s great to see you.” Frenchy paused, clearing his throat nervously. “It’s suddenly cold in here?” he asked. Rocky nodded with a smirk. “Darn.  I take it you brought one of your friends with you again? This isn’t a social call,” he said. 
      “Well, you see—“
      Frenchy glanced over at Paz, his hazel eyes widening when he realized what he was looking at. “Uh, Rocky, what kind of trouble are you in now?” he whispered, motioning to Paz. “You didn’t sell your soul, did you?” he asked in a whisper.
      Rocky glanced at Paz, knowing exactly what his friend had caught sight of. “Relax. It’s… a long story. We’re working a case together,” he explained.
      “I thought… I thought you only handled cases with ghosts. That doesn’t look like any ghost I’ve ever seen,” Frenchy mentioned within stuttering words. 
      “Seen many ghosts, have you?” Sam spoke up from behind Rocky, startling Frenchy. 
      “What the hell?” Frenchy jumped back, clutching his chest. “I should have known there’d be a ghost with you too.”
      “Sam, I told you not to come over here right away!” Rocky cursed behind his teeth. 
      “Oh, like seeing that,” Sam pointed over to Paz, “wasn’t startling enough.”
      “Come on. I need to talk to my friend, alone for a moment, okay?” Rocky insisted.
      “Yah, yah.” Sam waved, floating back towards Paz. “Go back to babysitting the demon, I get it. You know, I didn’t sign up for this,” he huffed.
      “Nobody signed up for this. Look, I’ll talk to Rose about your contract when we return,” Rocky offered, knowing that’s been the one things Sam’s been complaining about ever since Riverside investigation.
      “What contract?” Sam grumbled. 
      Rocky turned back to his frightened and bewildered friend. “Yeah, I know. I’m sorry to that I had to bring them along, but… have you heard about what’s happening in San Francisco?” he asked. Frenchy nodded, but his eyes were still on Paz. “Well, the little red, horned dude over there is part of our solution. The only problem is we need to transport him back to San Francisco before it’s too late.”
      “Transport… that? Is that even legal?” Frenchy asked. 
      Paz scoffed. “Uh, well, as long as you don’t tell the Vatican, it should be fine,” he mentioned. The group of three turned to Paz in question. “It’s a joke. Oh, come on,” he returned anxiously clearing his throat. “Tough room.” 
      Frenchy turned back to the airplane, scratching his graying, bushy beard. “Uh, right. Okay. Well, this is a small aircraft. To be able to fly to San Francisco, we'll need to stop off for fuel a couple of times,” he mentioned.
      Rocky glanced over his shoulder to Paz and Sam. Paz had managed to climb into the airplane and was standing on one of the seats, looking out the front window. Sam stood by a hydraulic press, shaking his head at the audacity of Paz goofing around in the airplane.
      “Do you happen to know a place to refuel where they won’t ask too many questions?” Rocky hinted low.
      Frenchy took a moment to think. He removed his blue ball cap soiled with oil, brushing his hand over his balding crown. “Yes, I do, but it will cost you a bundle. No ask stations are expensive and we run the risk of authorities stopping us and searching the plane. Usually, people who stop of those stations are running illegal drugs or who knows what else,” he said.
      “That’s fine. Under the circumstances, I’d rather not draw attention to our cargo. We’ll… come up with a way for Paz to hide if we’re searched,” Rocky mentioned low.
      “Suppose not. There’s an old airfield just past Flagstaff that’s run by a buddy of mine. He’s practically blind. He’s also high all of the time. So if he did happen to see your friend over there, he probably wouldn’t say anything about it,” he mentioned.
      “Probably?” Rocky returned with suspicion. 
      Frenchy shrugged. “Who would believe him if he did?” he pointed out.
      Rocky chuckled. “In that case, climb on board guys. We’re heading out in fifteen minutes.” He nudged Frenchy. “But first, where’s the restroom? My afternoon coffee is catching up with me.”
      Frenchy motioned with a head nod over to the corner of the hanger. Rocky didn’t hesitate to run to the restroom, leaving Sam and Paz alone with Frenchy.
      Paz ran over to the airplane, jumping into the front seat while Sam calmly floated over to the airplane. He stopped at the left wheel, watching Frenchy fix the airplane so it was flight worthy again. 
      “You know, you don’t have to do this,” Sam mentioned.
      Frenchy jumped a little, not bothering to look at where he heard Sam’s voice. “I own Rocky a lot.”
      “What for?” Sam questioned.
      Frenchy motioned to the airplane with a chin nod. “The Silver Raven, for one. And this hanger. I fell on hard times. Rocky and his wife pulled me out of the flames and got my head straight.” He paused, glancing towards Sam’s voice. “Should I be concerned with,” he motioned to Paz who was now sitting in the pilots’ seat. 
      “Paz,” Sam sighed as he glanced to the pilot’s seat. “I believe so, just don’t sign anything.”
      Rocky returned, hoisting his body into the front passenger’s seat. He turned, noticing Paz in the pilot’s seat, a devilish grin on his thin lips. “In the back.”
      “But, I called—“ Paz started in protest.
      “BACK!” Rocky ordered, pointing with an outstretched thumb to the small backseat. 
      Frenchy climbed into the pilot’s seat, glancing at Paz. “Should I bring a car seat?” he asked Rocky low. Rocky had to bite his lip to keep from chuckling. 
      Once Rocky could see Sam was on board, he gave Frenchy the thumbs-up to take off. 

Chapter Eight
      About forty minutes later, the aircraft touched down in an old airfield. The runway was little more than a few slabs of cement between smooth areas of rocky dirt. Frenchy hopped out of the airplane to fill the tank. Paz started to jump out of the airplane after him, but Rocky closed the door before he could leave.
      “Where do you think you’re going?” Rocky grumbled.
      “To stretch my legs,” Paz answered with a wink.
      “You were a cloud of smoke a few hours ago. You don’t actually have any legs to stretch. No, you're staying right here where I can keep you out of trouble!” Rocky demanded.
      Paz took a step, walking directly through the closed door and metalizing on the outside. “What was that? I couldn’t hear you,” he called through the window.
      “Get back in here!” Rocky howled, struggling with his seatbelt harness to reach him. He turned to Sam, who was sitting in the back seat with his legs kicked up and through the pilot’s seat. “Help me out, man,” he requested of Sam.
      Sam sat back, folding his arms over his chest. “You’re doing a great job. Just show him whose boss,” he encouraged.
      Paz pressed his face against the window and begin making funny blowfish expressions. His snotty nose creating a gooey mess on the pilot’s side side window. 
      “Come on Paz. If you don’t get back in here we’ll just—” Rocky started to threaten, his words escaping his lips before he remembered who he was dealing with.
      Paz rushed the airplane door, coming nose to steaming nostrils with Rocky. “You’ll do what, human? Need I remind you who I am?”
      Frenchy jumped back into his seat and closed the door. “All set. He’ll send you the bill. And if you could, send him a signed photo. I told him I was flying a celebrity that wanted to keep a low profile,” he said as he buckled his seatbelt. He turned to Rocky and Paz, his eyes saucers when he noticed Paz threatening Rocky. “Are you ready to go or do you need more time to hash things out?” he asked with a gulp.
      “What about it, human?” Paz snarled.
      “You need a breath mint,” Rocky snipped.
      Paz moved away slowly, dusting off Rocky’s shoulder as he grinned. “Ah, yeah.” He smacked his lips. “It’s a good thing I like you,” he growled. He disappeared into a cloud of red smoke, reappearing in the back seat. He turned to Sam, who was staring sternly at him. “What? Don’t think that because you’re dead I can’t mess with your soul,” he threatened.
      Frenchy offered Rocky a small baggy of marijuana. “Free joint with every fill-up,” he joked. “You smoke?” 
      Rocky waved aside the offer. “No, but now that it’s legal, I may consider trying it when I return home. Especially after this trip,” he admitted low.
      Frenchy tucked the bag into his pocket. “I’ll save it for later. I hear it’s better for you than booze, but don’t quote me on that,” he joked.
      Sam turned back to the window. Rocky could tell that Sam was trying to pretend Paz wasn’t there. Secretly, he wished the demon would disappear too. Though, he knew how important Paz was in their efforts to get rid of the Serpent’s Cross. He knew the last thing Sam wanted was any of his friends snatched away by a ship bound for hell, even if he didn’t particularly like Arthur. It didn’t matter if Arthur had caused the Serpent’s Cross to dock in San Francisco. No one deserved to go to hell… or did they? 
      Sam looked at Paz from the corner of his eye, trying to gain enough courage to talk. It wasn’t until they were in the air again for a half hour when Sam finally asked. “How does one escape from hell?”
      Paz chuckled, amused by his question. “Hell? Well… typically it’s a one-way trip. There have been a few souls who’ve managed to escape, but you’re more likely to be let out on good behavior.” 
      “Good behavior? I didn’t think that was an option,” Frenchy questioned. 
      Paz pawed him on. “Right, of course it is,” he returned, bursting into laughter. “You crack me up. But no, seriously, there’s been a few who have managed to escape. Last time I checked there are about thirty-eight damned souls running about. But don’t worry, they’ll be found and dealt with.”
      “Like out on the street running around?” Sam questioned with concern. He had met a few demons, but never a damned soul. Rumor had it damned souls were worse than a demon any day. Paz shrugged. “How long have they been running free?” he asked out of curiosity.
      “It depends on which one you’re talking about. Hergal has been roaming Europe for about eight-thousand years now. There’s been a slight backup, change of management, restructuring, and such. More souls mean more paperwork. And no one could have predicted the whole political pandemonium and world war thing that broke out this past century.”
      “Political? What do you mean?” Rocky questioned.
      “Have you seen your world’s governments lately? Woohoo! Eternity just isn’t large enough to house all the damned souls anymore. They have to look into other ways to expand hell and—” Paz pointed out.
      Rocky cleared his throat. “We get the picture.”
      “I’m pretending I didn’t hear that. I can’t believe it. Even Hell’s getting political,” Frenchy grumbled, rolling his eyes.
      “It always has been. There’s just more greedy, power-hungry humans now to take into account,” Paz pointed out. 
      “Every day there’s something, man. Every day I learn something I wish I didn’t know anything about,” Rocky muttered.
      Several minutes of silence droned on within the cabin. Wind rushed against the wings of the airplane while tiny beads of water danced across the windows. Paz sneezed abruptly, causing the plane to take a quick dip.
      Frenchy guided the plane back up to the correct altitude, his facing turning beat-red as he pulled back on the stick. Sam and Rocky turned to Paz, who was holding onto his snotty nose.  
      “Uh, sorry,” Paz said sheepishly. “I’m not used to staying in my own body for long periods. I guess I’m allergic to something.”
      Frenchy motioned to a glove box by Rocky’s leg. “I heard you inherited some hotel near the waterfront. That must be nice,” he brought up to Rocky.
      “The Juniper. It’s reopening on the 31st of this month,” Sam spoke up as he watched Rocky remove a box of tissues from the glove box to give to Paz.
      “What’s this for?” Paz asked, staring at the tissue.
      “To wipe your nose,” Sam said with a grimace. 
      Rocky glanced back at Sam. His ghostly friend had been so quiet, he nearly forgot he was on the airplane. 
      “Talking to a disembodied voice, huh? I suppose you're used to that,” Frenchy mentioned. 
      Rocky shrugged. He couldn’t exactly say he was used to it or not, but it certainly didn’t bother him as much as it once did. 
      “All part of the job. As for the Juniper, I’m more of the hotel’s caretaker. The ghosts pretty much run things along with my grandfather and a few other warm bodies. I did build a bar in the lobby, which was a needed improvement. I have a feeling it will be very popular,” Rocky explained.
      “Wally? I didn’t realize he was still around. How’s he doing these days?” Frenchy asked. 
      “Old, demanding, cranky, and still chasing skirts,” Sam joked. 
      Paz perked up. “Sounds like my kind of guy. Will I get to meet him?”
      “Hopefully not… ever!” Rocky barked back.
      “Oh, touchy, aren’t we? You do realize there are a lot of granddads in Hell? I mean a lot,” Paz taunted back.
      Rocky watched Sam’s reflection in the window beside him. Sam’s attention was on his window and he could tell his ghostly friends was only half listening to the conversation. Below them, Rocky noticed a bank of misty clouds. The mist as haunting, unnatural, and almost paranormal. He couldn’t help but think that perhaps clouds merely ghosts trapped in the troposphere. Were souls so fragile that a simple stroke of wind could easily disrupt their journey to the beyond? Better yet, was there even a beyond; a heaven or a hell? 
      There was a demon was in the airplane with him, there was no denying that, but other than rumors about a fiery place where damned souls go, Rocky had no proof of its existence or Heaven’s existence as well. What if Earth was it? What if—“
      “You’re thinking too much, human,” Paz spoke up, causing Rocky to jump. “Your brain is sizzling from thinking too hard. It’s starting to smell like bacon in here.”
      Sam held his palm to the window, leaving a handprint of ice crystals clinging to the outside of the window. He chuckled then nodded to Paz. “Good one.”
      “Hey, mini ghost, why didn’t you cross over?” Paz asked Sam seriously. 
      Sam was about to argue. He hated jabs at his height. Instead, he ignored Paz’s insult. “I never had an opportunity.”
      “Right. You smell like flowered soap you’re so clean. You did have the opportunity, but you didn’t go, why?” Paz accused, pointing a clawed finger at Sam.
      “Suuuuuuure,” Rocky laughed. 
      “Zip it,” Sam barked. 
      “Really? Oh, so you do have a wicked past. Do tell. I’m always up for a good story. You pillage a village of pixies or kill a giant for his golden goose?” Paz encouraged. 
      Hearing Paz’s question caused Rocky to listen closer. Would Sam finally admit to why he was sticking around? He was curious why Sam decided to remain with him and not cross over.
      Sam shook his head, not bothering to turn to Paz. “I’m not finished here yet. I’ll go when I’m ready,” he said low. 
      “Huh, that bad? Wow. That’s some serious guilt you’re carrying around with you.” Paz sat back in his seat. “You’re lucky. Usually, souls aren’t given an option to make things right before being judged,” he pointed out. 
      For the next two hours, hardly a word was spoken. Rocky was beginning to wonder if Paz fell asleep. He glanced over his shoulder into the back seat, seeing Paz staring out the window. Sam had disappeared, no doubt to conserve energy. 
      “How does one get used to working with ghosts?” Frenchy asked low. 
      Rocky smirked. “You don’t. Alcohol helps, though.” 

Chapter Nine
      The airplane landed on a small strip of land about twenty miles outside the city of Oakland. To Rocky’s surprise, Rose was waiting for him on the tarmac alongside Paul. It was nearly dusk, but his tired eyes could just see Rose’s flaming red hair as they were landing. How did they know where to find him? Even he didn’t have a clue where they were.
      Rocky shook Frenchy’s hand as the plane came to a rolling stop. “Thanks, man. There’s a room available for you at the Juniper tonight, if you like,” he offered.
      Frenchy nodded, his eyes equally showing his exhaustion. “After this, yeah. I think I’ll take you up on that. I’ll catch a ride once I’m finished here. I need to talk my buddy who owns this strip. He has a hanger not far from here that I can keep my plane in tonight.”
      Rocky nodded, agreeing. “I’ll call and let them know you’re coming. As for you two, you ready?” he asked to the back seat. 
      Paz was sitting quietly, swinging his legs over the side of the seat. However,  Sam was not present. He glanced out the front window, noticing Sam had already joined Paul and Rose. “Boy, he’s quick,” he muttered.
      Rocky jumped down from the airplane and hurried to Rose. As he approached, she held up a paper sack. 
      “Thought you might need dinner,” she said, handing him the bag.
      He looked inside, finding a Double Heart-attack and a bag of fries. He grabbed the bag of fries then tossed Paz the hamburger as he was scurrying towards them. The little demon snatched the hamburger, ripping into it with mad intensity.
      “What the hell is that?” Rose gasped.
      “Hi-ya toots!” Paz called with a mouth full of meat spilling from his lips.
      “This is Paz. He volunteered to help us find Arthur and figure out a way to send the Serpent’s Cross packing,” Rocky mentioned. 
      Paul pulled Rocky off to the side. “When you said you needed to talk to a demon, I didn’t think you were going to bring one back with you. Doesn’t this just add more fuel to the fire?” he whispered harshly.
      “He volunteered to help. He may be a pain in the butt, but I don’t think there’s any harm in him being here,” Rocky returned.
      “And what happens after we’re finished? Is he just going to leave? Rocky, I don’t want to explain why there’s a—” Paul pointed out.
      “Yes,” Paz spoke up between them. Because of his size, he was able to crawl beneath them both without being noticed. 
      The two men jumped back seeing Paz standing between them. 
      “Can’t you let people have some privacy once in a while?” Rocky scolded.
      “Not when the conversation is about me. And to answer this old bag of hot air’s question, yeah, I have somewhere I have to be. There’s a Halloween party in Istanbul and I’m not about to miss it,” Paz snipped back. He brushed passed Rocky’s pants leg and continued over to Paul’s SUV.
      Rose patted Rocky on the shoulder, having noticed the heavy bags under his tired eyes. “Rough day?” 
      Rocky chuckled. “That’s an understatement. Did Marcus, Silvia and Manny get back yet?”
      “About three hours ago. We thought you’d never get here. Where’s Sam? Is he here?” Rose asked. 
      Rocky searched the area, not seeing his ghostly friend. “You around, Sam?” he called out. Sam didn’t respond. “Hum. Well, I think the trip’s wearing on him too. I’m sure he’ll show up later. For now, let’s head back to the Juniper and figure out what our next move is.”
___
	Sam floated into the bar of the Juniper hotel and took a seat at the bar. Wally, Rocky’s grandfather, stood behind the bar counting liquor bottles. He peered over to Sam’s seat, noticing it had two slight butt impressions as if someone had sat down.
	“Rough day?” Wally asked as he continued to count.
	“Yeah. Rocky will be back in a few minutes. He’s bringing along a demon, Paz, to help us with the Serpent’s Cross situation,” Sam explained, a bitter tone to his words.
	“Ah, Sam. Demon, you say? Damn. I didn’t know he was dabblin’ in that kind of shit. You know,” he wiped his hands with a bar towel then leaned closer to Sam, “I met a demon once a few months before getting out of the army,” he mentioned.
	“Really? What happened?” Sam asked as he numbly traced his finger along the wood grain of the bar top.
	“Married her,” Wally returned sternly. “And she gave me three belligerent, heathen sons. Later on though, I ended up with one rather remarkable grandson. I blame his mother for that though. There’s good that comes from evil once in a while,” he pointed out. He set a shot glass on the bar and filled it with whisky. 
	“Thanks, Wally, but you know I can’t drink,” Sam mentioned.
	Wally’s old brow crinkled as he grinned. “Sometimes just having a drink in front of you helps even if you can’t drink it,” he said. 
	Sam began to slowly spin the shot glass. Oddly, it did help having it in front of him. It was something to focus on other than his thoughts. 
	The front doors opened with the chiming of brass bells. He didn’t particularly like the sound, but it was nice to know when trouble was approaching. 
	Moments later, Rocky poked his head into the bar’s doorway. He pointed to Sam, amused to find him sitting at the bar. 
      “Lifting your spirits?” Rocky joked.
	“Ha! Right. Is he still with you?” Sam snarled. 
	Rocky glanced over his shoulder to the lobby. “Yep. I’m going to catch a quick nap. We’ll head out to search for Arthur around midnight. I’m going to introduce Paz to Melody. I think they’ll hit it off well. She’s used to his sort of creature,” he offered.
	Sam waved Rocky away. “You do that.”
	Wally set the bottle next to Sam’s shot glass. “Sometimes that helps too,” he suggested.
	Sam scowled. “Put it on Rocky’s tab,” he joked, hoping to get a rise out of Rocky, but Rocky was already stumbling into the lobby.
	Rocky continued into the hallway, to the left of the check-in counter, stopping only for a moment when he noticed that someone had hung the painting he brought from Las Vegas. He pointed to the painting when he noticed Albert watching him.
	“Looks good?” he questioned. Albert nodded and Rocky gave him the thumbs up. “Hey, uh, could you keep an eye on Paz over there. I don’t want him getting into any trouble,” he asked Albert.
	The young front desk clerk stared wide-eyed at the demon. “Oh, please don’t tell me you’re inviting those to come stay here also. I don’t think our cleaning staff could—” he pleaded.
	“It’s only for a few days while we figure out a way to scare off the Serpent’s Cross. I’ll be back after I catch a quick nap.” With that, Rocky hurried upstairs to his room.
	Albert turned back to the lobby, finding Paz standing on the front desk, staring directly at him. “Hey, moon-boy, what’s shaking?” 
	“Moon-boy?” Albert questioned.
	“You know—”
	Albert lifted his pale white arm up to show off his skin. “I’m an albino,” he clarified.
	“Oh, I thought you were a vampire. Not that I’m critizing,” Paz snickered. “You got a TV in this joint?” 
	Albert motioned up the stairs. “Third-floor has a spirit lounge. Help yourself,” he offered.
	“Don’t mind if I do,” Paz returned. He disappeared in a puff of red smoke and floated off upstairs.
	Around eleven o’clock, Rocky returned downstairs to find Albert at the check-in counter, figuring out a crossword puzzle. He searched the lobby, not seeing Paz or Sam.
	“Have you seen—“
	“Sam’s still in the bar and Paz is in the spirit’s lounge watching some sci-fi movie with Melody and the 49’ers,” Albert mentioned. “What’s a four letter word for finding fault?” he asked.
	“Carp,” Rocky returned immediately. 
	“Like the fish?” Albert questioned.
	Out of the corner of his eye, Rocky spotted a furry wagging tale. He turned to face the bar. Sure enough, there was the same Saint Bernard that had broken into his bedroom. The dog was sitting in the middle of the lobby watching him.
	Rocky cleared his throat, motioning for Albert to look to the middle of the lobby. “Tell me you see that?”
	Albert glanced up from his crossword puzzle, smirking. “Sure. He’s been running around here for the past few days.”
	“Few days?” Rocky questioned as he thought. He walked over to the new painting he brought back from Las Vegas, examining it closer. There was an image of a man in the middle of the large painting, painting a grassy landscape around him. Beside the painter was a blank space, as if nothing had been painted there yet.
	Rocky turned back to the dog who watched him eagerly. “Artist?” he called out. The dog barked and wagged his tale with mad intensity. “Son-of-a,” he bit his lip to keep from cursing. “…When they told me the artist was haunting the painting, I thought they meant the actual painter. I didn’t think it was a dog named Artist,” he said, unable to hold back his laughter.
	“Is that a problem? I mean, he’s kind of cute,” Albert asked.
	Rocky waved his hands outward, unable to speak momentarily from his laughter. “No, it’s cool. It’s all cool. Who needs an old, moldy painter when you have,” he motioned to the Saint Bernard, “A ghost dog!”
	The dog barked again and ran at Rocky. The first time, the dog ran right through him. The second time, he managed to topple Rocky over and onto the ground. He aggressively licked Rocky’s face, causing Rocky to force the dog away. 
      “The… upside to this,” he began, trying to keep the dog away from his face, “we don’t have to clean up any poop.”
	Albert glanced behind the counter. “Uh, I wouldn’t be so sure about that, boss,” he returned with a scowl.
	Rocky turned his head, staring directly at a king sized pile of dog poop. “Ah, crap. Okay, okay, okay, back to your painting,” he ordered the pooch. Like magic, the dog jumped into the painting, filling the blank space next to the painter. “If that doesn’t beat all,” he continued to laugh. He stared down at the dog’s pile of poop, shaking his head. “That’s a big—”
	“And lots of it. He’s been leaving presents all over the hotel,” Albert mentioned.
	“Oh… uh, have housekeeping clean it up. I’ll figure out how to deal with it later. For now, it’s getting late. I need to find Paz and Sam,” Rocky returned with urgency.
	“I’m… here,” Sam called from the doorway of the bar, slurring his words.
	Rocky spun to him, noticing his transparent partner wobbling as he floated over to him. “You’re drunk? How?”
	“Hopped into the jukebox with Dave and turned the power on. Whoa, is that some juice or what!” Sam said.
	Rocky stood in the middle of the lobby, dumbfounded, staring at Sam, unable to figure out what to say. “Okay. That’s a new one. Drunk with power, hum? Will you be alright to come with us?” he asked. Sam nodded slowly. “Fine, but try not to float through anyone.”
	They continued upstairs to the third level spirit lounge, Sam floating through about everything they walked by, vases, lamps, housecleaning carts. Rocky tried his best to ignore it, but it was hard to do when Sam floated directly through an old TV sitting in the hall waiting to be hauled to the trash. When he floated through it, the TV sparked.
	Rocky grabbed a towel, knocking out a small fire from the TV. “Come on, Sam. Snap out of it!” he demanded.
	The shock of the fire snapped Sam back to reality. “Oh, I’m sorry. I’m good, I’m good.”
	“Are you sure?” Rocky questioned harshly, tossing the soiled towel onto the cart.
	Sam raised his hands. “Yes. I’m good. It was my first time juicing. I’ll take it easy next time,” he pledged. 
	“How about skipping next time? I need you at the top of your game,” Rocky requested. He opened the lounge door, finding a roulette wheel spinning around inside. The wheel was surrounded by several of the Juniper’s ghostly staff.  
	“Place your bets, place your bets!” Paz called out. He was wearing a black visor and a black leather vest with three black spade poking out of the left hand breast pocket.
	Rocky hurried through the nearly fifty ghosts present, snatching the ball from the roulette wheel. Everyone within the room moaned and growled at Rocky for stealing the ball.	
	“This is NOT a casino! Do you want this hotel to be shut down before we even open?” Rocky yelled. “And where in the hell did you find a roulette wheel? This isn’t something you pick up at the liquor store down the street,” he asked Paz.
	“Where do you think?” Paz gleamed, a twinkle in his eyes. “They don’t let us demons run around up here for no reason. We have quotas to fill.”
	Rocky closed his eyes, taking in a long, deep breath. Slowly he released it. “Let’s go before I change my mind.”
	“And do what? You’re stuck with me, human, if you like it or not. Besides, I’m doing you a favor, remember?” Paz griped.


Chapter Ten
      As the three exited the hotel, Paz took a moment to inhale deeply, filling his lungs with the salty San Francisco air. “Don’t you love it?”
      “Love what? The smell  of the ocean?” Sam questioned.
      “Nah. The smell of sewage, dead fish, and a drunk bastard in the alleyway behind the garbage bin. It reminds me of home, except for the smell of sulfur and dirty gym socks. The big guy has a fetish for those for some reason,” Paz admitted.
      “It smells better than Los Angeles, where I come from,” Sam mentioned. 
      “You?” Paz turned to Sam, scanning him up and down. “Seriously? I pictured you the Wyoming type,” he admitted.
      “Wyoming? Sam? Right. And why would you think that?” Rocky asked as he adjusted his leather jacket so the collar blocked his neck from the cool breeze. There was an unusual chill in the air; the kind of chill that caused him to believe something other-worldly was about to happen… or was already happening.
      Sam jabbed at Rocky’s leg. “Don’t encourage him,” he grumbled low.
      “Oh, no reason,” Paz returned with a devilish grin. “Let’s take a walk. I think I can already smell this damned soul of yours.”
      “That fast? Wow, I’m impressed,” Sam admitted, following after Paz. Rocky continued directly after Sam. 
	For nine blocks they followed Paz through the empty streets of San Francisco. Paz stopped abruptly, deeply inhaling the dense sea air. He pointed down the alleyway between a hair salon and a liquor store. 
      “Your soul is hiding down there,” he announced.
      “Are you sure?” Rocky questioned skeptically, seeing only shadows of discarded chip boxes. All he could hear from the alley was the squeaks of rats and one rather ambitious cat chasing them. The smell of rotting garbage was almost too much for him to bare, forcing him to cover his nose with his jacket sleeve.
      Paz pointed to his pig-like snout. “This is as good as any bloodhound and it’s even better at sniffing out damned souls. And this guy of yours, well he smells as damned as they come,” he explained.
      Sam waved Rocky to follow him. “I’ll go first. If anything happens, it would happen to me first,” he offered.
      “That’s reassuring. Nothing will happen to you. You’re already dead,” Rocky pointed out.
      “You’d be surprised. There’s a lot that can happen to a soul. Need I remind you that neither heaven nor hell takes bodies?” Paz pointed out. He paused, turning to Sam. “I take it you haven’t been visited by the Marshal yet?” he asked Sam.
      Sam shook his head. “Tall guy with a cowboy hat? Yeah, we’ve met.”
      “Interesting,” Paz returned ominously, his right eyebrow cocked in a manner that suggested amusement, but it was hard to tell for certain. 
      “What’s interesting?” Sam demanded.
      Paz shrugged. “Nothing really. Only that there were some rumors circling,  claiming he was gunning for you for showing yourself on national television. I guess he’s letting it go… for now.”
      The three crept down the eerie alleyway, searching the shadows for any sign of Arthur. A fist-sized cockroach ran over the top of Rocky’s shoe. He jumped back, accidently stumbling over Paz. The little demon crouched in time to avoid serious injury. As he watched Rocky tumble to his butt, he snatched the cockroach from the muddy ground.
      “Don’t tell me you’re afraid of this?” Paz questioned as he bit off the cockroach’s head.
      Rocky turned away in disgust. “Come on, man. That’s just too disgusting.”
      “Oh, crunchy. Just like mother used to make,” Paz returned with his mouth full. Rocky could see the cockroach’s front legs still kicking in Paz’s front teeth. “Oh.” He swallowed hard, trying to hold in his fries and coffee. “Sorry. We got to eat too, you know. Especially when I’m out of body, you know,” he joked, nudging Sam, even though his elbow went right through Sam.
      “Do you, really?” Rocky snarled as he stood.
	They continued to walk down the dark alley. This time Rocky was more cautious, glancing constantly to the ground, mindfully watching for anything that might slither or crawl out to attack him. It was then Rocky noticed Paz was lurking several footsteps behind him. 
      “What’s your problem?” he whispered.
      Paz grabbed calf portion of Rocky’s right jeans leg, his eyes darting around in a fright. “I’m afraid of the dark,” the demon admitted.
      “Weren’t you born in hell? Isn’t it always dark?” Sam asked. 
      “No, I was created on Earth. Hell came later when the boss got all up in the big guy’s face. And if hell is full of flames, how dark do you think it is?” Paz explained. 
      Rocky paused, glancing back at Paz. “Wait. You’re telling me you’ve met God?”
      Paz snorted back his chuckles. “God? Oh, you mean who created all this? Right. Hello, no soul here.” He motioned up and down to his piggish body. “Come on, have you had a good look at me? You think they’d let me walk into heaven? Regardless of the no soul thing, they have a dress code. I don’t own a dress.”
      “Or the matching pumps, right?” Sam said, unable to help himself.
      “Right,” Paz grumbled, rolling his black, beady-eyes. 
      His comment caused someone in the trash bin to chuckle. 
      Paz pointed to the graffiti ravaged, business-sized trash bin. “I believe the soul in question is in there,” he whispered. 
      “Why would a ghost hide in a trashcan? How,” Rocky swung the lid open, revealing Arthur inside, “sure are you?”
      “He’s pretty sure,” Sam returned, looking inside the trash by sticking his head through the side of the trash can. “Hey, buddy. How’s it floating? We’ve been looking everywhere for you,” he asked. He pulled his head from the trashcan. With his arms crossed over his chest, he floated to the top of the trashcan to look within.
      Arthur was huddled in a corner next to a bloodstained orange rug, a box of rotting apples, and three Chinese takeout boxes.
      “Rocky, Sam, uh…” Arthur cleared his non-existent throat, “…interesting seeing you two here. What’s going on?” 
      “We would ask you the same thing,” Rocky began.
      Paz jumped into the trash bin, sniffing at the Chinese boxes, then at Arthur’s foot. 
      Arthur jumped back. “What the hell is that?”
      “Exactly, hell. He’s a demon. He’s helping us track you down,” Sam explained.
      Arthur quickly floated out of the trashcan, all the while staring at Paz as if the demon confused him. “Me? You brought in one of those to find me? Why? What do you guys want so badly? And make it quick, I have bad people looking for me,” he said, hastening his words.
      “Yeah, we know. First off, how’d you do it?” Rocky asked.
      Arthur turned to him in question. “Do what?”
      “Escape hell,” Sam elaborated. 
      “I didn’t escape anything. I’m a big-time coward. When I saw Captain Helter chasing after me, my soul leapt clean clear from my body. I guess something like,” he motioned to Paz, “seized an opportunity to jump into an empty shell. Bad timing for him. He was sent to hell, where he belonged, mind you, and I became a free-floater,” he explained.
      Paz rose up, staring at Arthur. “It doesn’t work that way. You can only condemn a soul to hell. Demons don’t have souls. Hell to us is a privilege. An invite only to the biggest party—”
      “We get the point,” Rocky interrupted.
      Arthur shrugged. “Something went in my place. I don’t know what. I wasn’t going to stick around to find out,” he mentioned.
      “Captain Helter figured out his mistake and is now searching for you, is that it?” Rocky surmised.
      Again, Arthur shrugged. “Who knows what that old bastard made out of shit and bones wants from me. I was hoping they would sail on and leave me be.” 
      “Not a chance,” Paz snarled. “He’s looking for you and he won’t leave unless you come aboard and—“
      “There’s no way I’m stepping foot near that boat. If that’s what you want to call it,” Arthur argued back.
      “Not even to save San Francisco?” Sam mentioned.
      Arthur shook his head as if Sam were insane. “Not even to save the planet. Who do you think I am? Really? I’ve been avoiding hell for hundreds of years. If I have a chance, I’ll never go there willingly.”
      “I can’t blame him. I’ve been… several times. It’s even to warm for me,” Paz admitted. 
      “Wait, didn’t you say it was a party spot?” Sam returned. Paz waved him on, scoffing at Sam’s catch.
      “We still have a problem then,” Rocky pointed out.
      “No. You have a problem.” Arthur pointed to Rocky. “I’m getting the heck out of here,” he said as he faded into the trash bin and out of sight. 
      “Now what? You can’t exactly force a soul to surrender. Well, at least not in this case,” Sam pointed out to Rocky. Technically, the team had figured out a way to trap a soul in a jar, however, Sam knew, for a fact, that Arthur had seen that particular episode of Haunted Ends and wasn’t about to fall for the same trap. 
      “I’m… not sure. But…” he paused, thinking. 
      Paz raised his taloned fingers. “I know a… ah, guy that can help you out. But… .”
      “But?” Rocky questioned skeptically.
      Paz nodded uneasily. “You’re going to have to keep an open mind,” he offered.
      “Rocky?” Sam returned a bit squeamish. 
      “If it’s who I think it is, we’re not interested,” Rocky returned skeptically. 
      “Who? Oh, him?” Paz pawed him back. “Not a chance. Like I have access,” he spurted. “And even if I did, I wouldn’t bother him with something so minor. No, this is a guy I know from the old country. And I do mean old. I think he might have a solution,” he said, waving them to follow him.
      Sam turned to Rocky, his expression showing his concern.
      Rocky sighed deeply then motioned for Paz to show them. “What choice do we have?” 
       They continued to follow Paz for several more blocks through the dark night to Stockton Street. 
      “Old country, as in…?” Sam questioned as they passed by Washington Street. 
      “Babylonia. Now, if you want to talk about some wild parties… wow! Those were the days. Come on, he’s not too far,” Paz encouraged as he walked passed a group of tourists on the street. He walked through them, forcing them to scatter.
      Rocky followed after Paz, running to keep up. “Uh, sorry about that. He’s a little cranky,” he explained to the group of tourists as he chased after Paz.
      “Wasn’t that Rocky? You know, from the show about ghosts?” asked a female tourist in the group.
      Sam walked through the group, pausing to answer her question. “Yep, that’s him alright and I’m the sparkle, Sam. Enjoy San Francisco,” he said in a rush.
      Once again the group scattered. The female tourist snapped her head around to follow Sam’s voice. “OMG! That was Sam Thomas. That’s so cool!”
      “Try ice cold,” Sam snickered under his breath as he hurried after Rocky and Paz. 
      Sam met up with Rocky and Paz in front of an old Chinese store in Chinatown.  Rocky wasn’t concerned about Sam. He knew Sam would find him eventually. They were connected like a bungee. Sam would snap back to his side when he started to lose energy.
      There were several odd assortments of fish and other sea creatures displayed in the large, picture window and outside in a long shelf-bin. 
      Paz watched Sam approach. “What took you so long? Let me guess, it was your legs, right? You got a cramp?” 
      Sam’s face reddened. “You really are a jerk, you know that?” 
      Paz reached into a box of recently plucked chickens, biting the head off of one. Both Sam and Rocky turned away in disgust. 
      “What the—” Rocky gulped.
      “He,” Paz paused to swallow the head in one gulp, “called me a jerk. I was proving him right. Hey, I was being nice,” he argued.
      “Tell that to the chicken,” Sam gulped. 
      “He was already dead,” Paz said with his mouth full as he continued to consume the chicken. “Do either of you have any hot sauce?”
      Rocky turned his attention to the old, metal-trimmed, shop door. He went to reach for the door handle, pausing. “Do you guys do realize it’s 1:00 o’clock in the morning? What makes you think this place is even open?”
      Paz slipped by Rocky, opening the door from a special devil-height black handle that had been added to an area near the bottom of the door. 
      “Because…” he tossed the chicken’s carcass under one of the stands. “…they never close. Come on,” he said as he picked a large chuck of chicken flesh from his front teeth.
      Both Rocky and Sam continued inside, both with an expression of exhaustion across their faces. Rocky gulped back hard as he attempted to hold in his lunch.
      “Man, I’m glad I don’t have a stomach.” Sam gulped back hard.
      Inside the store was much like the outside. There was an broader assortment of interesting and exotic creatures within the shop, some alive but most were long dead. 
      Behind a counter, near the back of the store, sat a strange Chinese man about the same height as Sam. He sat like a statue with tiny smoke rings wafting into the air, sent afloat by the teak pipe attached to his lips. At first, Rocky thought he wasn’t real until a small ring of smoke exited his lips was followed by a low, rumbling cough. There was so many age lines over his face, he could have easily been two-hundred years old.
      “Don’t by the skin cream,” Sam mentioned to Rocky.
      “Uh, yah,” Rocky chuckled.
      “Can I help you?” the old Chinese man asked Rocky, but his piercing black eyes were tensely watching Sam. 
      “I… well, I’m not sure,” Rocky stammered as he searched for Paz. “Yo, Paz? You’re up.”
      Paz jumped onto the counter, accidentally knocking over a dried squid into the Chinese man’s soup. Even when the man saw him, he didn’t flinch. “We’re looking for your boss. He in?” 
      The man’s glanced to his soup. He removed his pipe, releasing a long breath, then used his pipe to point to the back of the store. 
      “Red door,” he grumbled without moving his lips. The pipe returned to his lips as if it had never left.
      “Thanks.” Paz once again motioned for the two to follow. “Keep your head down and don’t touch anything. I mean it… ANYTHING!” he insisted.
      They stopped at an old oak door stained red. Rocky wasn’t certain, but the door looked like it had been stained with human blood. He started to reach for the knob only to have Paz force him back with a shove to the knee. 
      “Are you deaf? I told you not to touch anything!  Everything from this point on is cursed,” Paz warned. 
      “Cursed, how?” Sam questioned. 
      “Depends,” Paz returned as he opened the door. The door creaked open to reveal a long, dark stairway leading under the store. A cloud of smoke mixed with the smell of urine and dust surrounded the three. The smell alone caused Rocky to recoil.
      “What the hell?” Rocky coughed.
      “No, that has more of a stale beer and rotting dreams stench. Look, I didn’t say it was going to be a picnic,” Paz pointed out. “He doesn’t get out often. Try not to stare.”
      “How is it you can touch the door and we can’t?” Sam questioned. 
      Paz glanced over at Sam. “Curses only work on souls and—“
      “You don’t have one. We get it. Now, if you wouldn’t mind getting on with this before I lose my lunch?” Rocky said, motioning to the stairs with his elbow while the rest of his arm covered his mouth and nose. 
      “I’ve got to get some new material,” Paz muttered as he continued down the stairs. He snapped his fingers, creating a flame from his fingertip to help illuminate the stairs. 
      “Nice trick,” Sam complimented. 
      “Uh… yah. The first thing my kind learn,” Paz gulped. He started to take a step, pausing when his hoof touched the first rise. “Um, you guys want to go ahead?” 
      “You really are afraid of the dark?” Rocky asked, amused by Paz’s reaction to the darkness. “You’re the one with the light and it’s your friend, so go on.”
      The little demon nodded anxiously. He stopped at another door similar to the first. He knocked three times, paused, then knocked three more times. The door creaked open, revealing an enormous fireplace glowing with a medium sized fire within. Even though there was a fire, inside the room felt like a meat locker than a massive yet cozy room. Within the fireplace a pig rotated over the roaring flames.
      “I should be offended. I think I knew that pig,” Paz called out, his voice echoing throughout the massive room.
      The room was filled with piles upon piles of gold and jewels, ancient weapons, books, and expensive trinkets. Three-story bookshelves lined the walls, filled to the top with old books. In the middle of the room sat a oak desk, two brown sofas and a forest green armchair that faced the fireplace. 
      Deep, resonating chuckles rose from a high back velvet chair. A small, lime-green creature sat within the chair, thumbing through a book on his lap. The book was twice his size and looked like it could have crushed him. He was the same size as Paz, but he resembled an iguana or possibly a dragon. He wore a fine suit of gold and brown with small four leaf clovers embroidered throughout it in an ornate pattern. 
      He pushed his wire-rimmed glasses on his long, thick alligator-type nose and watched as the three walked towards him.
      “Visitors?” he began excited. Then he noticed Paz. His upper lip turned to a scowl, revealing his right K-9 tooth. “Oh, it’s you. What do you want, Paz?”
      “I thought I’d stop by and see what you’ve been doing lately.” Paz paused to look around. “I love what you haven’t done to the place. Business is doing well, I see. “
      The creature grunted. “You brought a human and a soul to my liar? That’s rather bold… and stupid.” he asked as he continued to read his book.
      “You know I would only bring a human here if I saw no other option,” Paz returned, his voice vibrating in his barrel-like chest. He bowed his head showing his respect. 
      The creature glanced at Rocky then at Sam. “Always something with you.” He turned to Paz, smacking his lips as if he tasted something foul. “Why don’t you introduce me to your friends?” he said sternly.
      Paz gulped hard. “Um, the soul is Sam. The human is Rocky. They host a television show—“
      “Haunted Ends, yes, I’ve seen it,” the creature returned, motioning to a small TV in the far corner of the room. He offered his scaly claw to Rocky to shake. “I’m Dergo,” he introduced. 
      Rocky reached for his hand to shake, but Paz intentionally tripped him, forcing him to stumble back. 
      “What the—“ Rocky cursed, reaching out to hold onto something to keep him upright. As he did, Paz scurried under him to help him not touch the sofa. 
      “I said don’t touch anything,” Paz grumbled low as he helped Rocky to his feet. 
      “What is wrong with you?” Rocky growled back. 
      “He just saved your life,” Dergo spoke up, lifting an amused eyebrow. “You must like this human. In the past, you’d let me have him,” he mentioned to Paz.
      Paz regained his own footing. “Yes, well, he’s growing on me… like a fungus!” he snarled as he dusted off his body. “We’re having issues with one of our kind.”
      Dergo nodded slowly, his long, forked tongue licking the air. “You’re here on an official matter, I see. Who escaped this time?” 
      “Captain Helter has docked his ship in the bay. We need to figure out a way to force him to leave before he decides to come ashore with his skeleton crew,” Rocky explained.
      Dergo slammed his book shut, creating a dust storm in its wake. Rocky began to cough, then violently sneezed. 
      “I suppose I should dust this place more often. My last housekeeper didn’t last long,” Dergo mentioned, motioning to the door where a statue of a hefty Hispanic woman stood, her mouth opened to scream. 
      “Just can’t find good help anymore?” Sam mentioned, secretly mortified by the sight of the woman, but somehow he managed to keep his horror from leaking into his expression. 
      Dergo grinned sadistically at Sam’s comment. He slipped off of his chair, scurrying over to his bookshelves on the left side of the room. His long brown tail slithered behind him through the piles of treasure on the ground. 
      “I haven’t heard of Captain Helter since the dark ages. I thought that old bastard finally retired with a full crew,” Dergo mentioned.
      “Nope, he’s here, alive and well, frightening the citizens of San Francisco,” Sam spoke up.
      Dergo raised an amused eyebrow again, then began to chuckle. “I wouldn’t exactly say alive or well. He’s a cursed soul, just like the lot he sails with. He was cursed by the boss for stealing something very important. Rumors claim it was an apple grown from the tree of knowledge. I doubt anyone will ever know. For that, he was forced to roam the seas for the rest of eternity, gathering the souls of the damned to complete his crew. It was said that once his crew was complete he would be able to retire to the river,” he explained.
      “River?” Sam questioned.
       “You know, as in Styx, like the ferryman?” Rocky spoke up, motioning to the floor.
      “Down there?” Sam asked skeptically.
      Dergo turned to Sam, smiling just enough to show his left I-tooth. “My dear soul, there is no down there. It’s simply another plain of existence. Consider—“ Dergo attempted to explain. 
      “Us short on time. Forgive me, but is he or is he not like the ferryman? As in, is there a way we reason with him? If that’s the case, maybe we find something he’ll take in exchange for leaving?” Rocky interrupted. 
      Dergo turned to him, pointing to his nose then to Rocky. “Good idea, but no. He’s far worse. You’re correct. Charon, the Ferryman you’re referring to, can be bribed for his services,” he pointed out. “Captain Helter, on the other hand, is here to replace a damned soul who either escaped or was taken from his ship. Maybe he picked one up by mistake and one side or the other is finally fixing it. They were barely caught up during that whole Khan then Hun eras.  They finally made headway, then the Roman infestation caused them a major backlog. And then there was that Hitler problem that really put them over the edge.” He tossed a book from the shelves. 
      The book landed near Rocky’s right foot. He glanced down, reading the book’s title: “Hell’s most wanted.”
      “Future show title?” Sam joked low to Rocky. 
      “Not a fucking chance if I have anything to say about it,” Rocky muttered low. 
      Sam chuckled. “I’d have to agree.” He turned back to  Dergo. “Well, we know Captain Helter is after a soul… who happens to be a friend of mine. He’s disappeared and is refusing to return to hell,” he explained. 
      “And we can’t exactly force him to,” Rocky added.
      Dergo sneered at Sam. “I didn’t picture as someone who would befriend a damned soul.” He looked up at Rocky. “However, your bodiless friend may be on to something with your show. I’d tune into a show based on my book. That’s some very interesting reading. Think of it this way, escaped souls come with a large bounty,” he mentioned, offering Rocky the book.
      Paz rushed over, forcing Rocky’s hand away before he could touch the book. “Don’t do it,” he warned. 
      Dergo took the book away, glaring at Paz. 
      “Bounty? How much are you talking?” Sam questioned, suddenly interested in a possible new opportunity. 
      If Rocky could have elbowed Sam in the ribs, he would have. “Sam!” he growled. 
      “A favor from the boss himself,” Paz spoke up. “I wouldn’t suggest it though.”
      Sam glanced upward, motioning to heaven. 
      “Ha!” Dergo laughed. 
      “Wrong boss. Keep dreaming,” Paz smirked. 
      “If Captain Helter is looking for your friend, then I suggest you convince him to face his punishment,” Dergo climbed a ladder attached to his bookshelves, searching through his books. “If he’s innocent, they’ll release him… eventually, once they’ve waded through the backlog.”
      Rocky cleared his throat from the dust in the room. “Um, well, that won’t be possible. Like Sam said, he disappeared,” he mentioned.
      Dergo slid another book from the shelves, tossing it to a forest green satin pillow that was sitting on the ground. The book hit the pillow, bouncing off and landing on the exact page he was looking for. On the page, Rocky could make out the hand-drawn image of the Serpent’s Cross. 
      Dergo scurried down the ladder to retrieve his book. “Sorry to hear that. But,” he moved his glasses further down his nose so he could read, “Yes, here it is. I thought so. You can still be rid of the crew of the Serpent’s Cross with a sword forged in the fires of—“
      “Hell?” Sam blurted out.
      “A volcano. Or Hell.  Whichever you like. All depends on how far you’re willing to go,” Dergo returned within a chuckle. “Point is, if you destroy the crew, he’ll be forced to move on in search of a new crew and he’s not about to stick around here in case you destroy his next crew.”
      “And Captain Helter?” Paz finally spoke up.
      Dergo scowled at Paz, piercing his lips. “You can’t destroy him. If he doesn’t have a crew, then he’ll be forced to set sail to a location that will provide him with a new crew. His goal is to retire not die.”
      “Regardless, one way or another, he’ll still sail off somewhere to damn more souls—” Sam pointed out.
      “Just as long is it isn’t here. So, if we manage—” Rocky started. 
      “YOU manage, you mean,” Paz interrupted. 
      Rocky ignored him. “Are you certain the Captain won’t stick around San Francisco to look for his crew?” Rocky questioned.
      “Common courtesy,” Dergo returned, even though no one believed him. “Think of it this way, would you hang around if you knew there was a chance that all of your hard work would be undone again?”
      “So, all we need is this volcano-sword Dergo is talking about. Does anyone know where we can find one?” Sam asked.
      Suddenly, a sword flew through the air, landing upright in the floor an inch from Rocky’s right shoe. Rocky jumped back, unsure if his heart could take anymore of the dark world’s hocus-pocus. 
      “That should help you in your task,” Dergo offered as he crawled back into his chair in front of the fireplace.
      “You’re… just giving it to them?” Paz asked in amazement. Dergo shrugged his small shoulders. Paz stared at him with a confused expression. “That’s not like you. What’s the catch?”
       “No catch. I like their show. Besides, Captain Helter’s presence here is bad for business. No tourists want to visit when they’re fearing for their lives,” Dergo explained. 
      Rocky started to grab the sword’s handle, but paused, turning to Paz to make curtain it was alright for him to take. 
      Dergo waved his hand towards the sword. “It’s fine. Only a person who bares a soul can wield the sword, which allows pigmalion here to slither back into the hole he came from.”
      Paz snarled, baring his teeth at Dergo. 
      Sam glanced over at Paz. “It’s about time we have one up on you.”
      Rocky pulled the sword from the floor, finding the sword relatively light or at least lighter than he thought it would be. “Uh, thanks. But what am I going to do with a sword? I can barely butter my bread with a table knife.”
      “Simple. Destroy the crew and send Captain Helter back to sea. However, I would have Paz go talk to him first and see if he could be encouraged to move on. It would be a shame to have to destroy his crew for no reason,” Dergo explained.
      Paz pointed to himself in shock. “Me? Okay, sounds like fun. Uh,” he motioned for Sam and Rocky to head to the door, “quickly,” he said low and with urgency.
      Sam and Rocky hurried back to the doorway, following Paz. The door slammed shut behind them. “It’s a good thing you two are famous or I’d be roasting over the fire instead of that pig. Possess one TV game show, I swear. It was a joke.”
      “Can’t you just turn into smoke?” Sam questioned.
      “Not until I reach the surface. We aren’t exactly on Earth at the moment. And these walls keep me from transforming. He’s a lot more powerful than me. I didn’t want to bring you here, but I didn’t see another way,” Paz admitted. “Frankly, he scares the hell out of me.”
      “Is that even possible?” Sam pointed out. Paz rolled his eyes.
      “A demon afraid of the dark and his own kind?” Rocky questioned, finding it a bit ironic. “Wait, where are we?”
      “Considered this a hallway to the other-verse. If you keep going passed the door, you’ll find all sorts of interesting places to visit… if you weren’t human that is,” Paz mentioned as he motioned down the stairs. “When you’ve seen everything I’ve seen… well, enough. Now, about that sword,” Paz said, motioning to the sword. “You can’t exactly go wielding it around town. There’s also a lot a bad people who would loved to get their claws on it.”
      “He has a point,” Sam mentioned as they opened the door into the shop. 
      Rocky held up the sword, examining it in the light. It had a simple silver handle. On the end of the handle held a fairly large, half-dollar sized red stone that almost resembled a ruby. Within, the stone flashed with lightning bolts. As Rocky examined it, a lightning bolt shot off, giving him the impression that it was trying to reach him. The shock of seeing the lightening within the stone nearly caused him to drop the sword.
      “Huh, right, um,” he leaned the sword against a display of animal horns and reached into his pocket for his phone and dialed. “Hey, um, I’m kind of in a pickle. Any chance you could pick us up? Yeah, Sam’s with me.”
      “Who’s he calling?” Paz asked Sam in a whisper.
      “Probably his ex-wife, Rose. Which means we’re going to be stuck riding in her trunk,” Sam said with a sigh.
      Rocky brushed past them to the front door to find the address of the shop. 
      Sam motioned over to Rocky with a head-nod. “A betting pool started among the crew as to when those two will get back together,” he mentioned.
      “She a looker?” Paz asked.
      “The redhead at the airfield,” Sam returned.
      Paz snarled up his nose. “Nah, they’re not getting back together. Trust me. I’ve been her type before,” he said. He nudged Sam towards the front of the store and by the old Chinese man. “Next time,” he waved. The man didn’t bother to acknowledge him as the three left the store. 
      Rocky removed his leather jacket as they were leaving the store and wrapped it around the sword to conceal it. To his amazement, the sun was already high in the sky. Didn’t they leave the hotel at midnight? He glanced to his phone, noticing it read 10:42. They had entered the store around one that morning. They had been away from San Francisco for close to ten hours in Dergo’s chambers. 
      “Where did the time go?” he thought out loud as he brushed his hands over his five o’clock shadow of a beard.
      “Time is different for us. Be thankful it was only a few hours. I once went to see him and came out a hundred years later. I missed the entire industrial revolution,” Paz mentioned. 
      A short time later, a white van pulled up in front of the store. The van was originally used for carting the Haunted Inns equipment around before the show changed names and became famous. The outline of the show’s old logo could be seen faintly under the fresh layer of white paint.
      The side door opened, revealing Romeo in the driver’s seat of the van. “Hop in. I can’t find parking,” he called.
      Rocky hurried into the passenger’s seat while Paz scurried under Rocky’s feet so Romeo wouldn’t see him. Sam floated through the closed side-door and into the back. Inside the van was a mess of boxes and an old mattress.
      Rocky glanced into the back noticing Paz and Sam sitting on the mattress. “You’re living in here?” he asked.
      Romeo grunted as he nervously scratched the flesh below his nose and between his new thick black mustache. “For the moment until I can get things settled with my girlfriend. Take some advice, don’t shack up with a waitress,” he mentioned as he pulled into traffic. 
      “You know, buddy, I can give you a room until you can find a place,” Rocky offered. The two had been friends since college. Offering him a room was the least he could do. Plus, he was the one who helped fix Romeo up with his now ex-girlfriend to begin with. 
      Romeo shook his head in a panic. “No, no, no. It’s bad enough I have to work with ghosts. I don’t want to live with them either, no offense, Sam,” he said then called over his shoulder to Sam as if he knew Sam would be traveling with them.
      “None taken. I don’t blame you. If I didn’t have to be around them all the time, I wouldn’t be,” Sam called back. 
      Romeo gazed blankly out the windshield, then shook his head as if forcing him to return from a disturbing thought. “Where are we heading?” he asked Rocky.
      Rocky flicked his hand towards the windshield, his eyes focused on his phone. “Back to the hotel for a cup of coffee and a shower. After, I have to figure out what to do with this,” he said as he lifted the sword from his jacket.
      An impressed whistle escaped Romeo’s lips. “Damn. Where did you get that?”
      “Trust me, you don’t want to know,” Rocky said as he sighed. “I can honestly say I’m looking forward to returning to filming our regular shows.”
      “Regular? As in the one’s you’re set on fire or the one’s you’re buried alive in?” Romeo joked, even though it was true.
      “Being buried alive is fine. I could use the time away for all this insanity. I don’t care much for fire anymore,” he admitted.
      “I’ll remember you said that,” Sam called back. 
      


Chapter Eleven
      The van pulled to the curb in front of the Juniper, stopping in the red zone. In the courtyard area in front of the hotel, two men were scrubbing the empty fountain. A large bucket of coins sat along the side of the fountain along with an assortment of objects of a questionable nature.
      Rocky stepped from the van followed by Paz and finally Sam floated out of the back. Once all three had exited, Romeo drove off down the street. 
      “I’ll meet you inside,” Rocky told the other two as he continued over to the fountain to talk to the maintenance workers. “How is everything going?” he called out, stirring the two men from their task.
      One man stopped, wiping his wet hands on his white overalls. “We received the new fixture this morning. To be honest,” he stepped out of the fountain and guided Rocky over to an open crate, “it looks a little odd. Are you sure this is what you want us to install?” he asked as he peeled back the plastic from around the water fixture within. 
      The fixture was a bronze statue of a twisted and gnarled juniper tree. From a distance it had a haunted eeriness to its’ design, almost as if the trunk of the juniper was an elongated, deformed and gnarled man.
      Rocky gave the worker a thumb’s up. “Awesome! It’s better than I thought. Be careful now, the metal used to create that is said to be haunted by a woman who was burned  as a witch sometimes around the mid 1600s,” he mentioned, even though it wasn’t true. He wanted everything in the Juniper to have a story, even if it was true or not. Plus, he was having fun coming up with outrageous stories to tell. 
      “Oh, okay,” the man responded as he replaced the plastic over the statue. 
      Rocky continued into the hotel, finding the lobby filled with press. Confused by all the commotion, he snuck into the bar without being noticed. 
      “What the heck?” He gulped, motioning to Shark, who was standing behind the bar. “What’s going on?” he asked low, motioning to the lobby.  
      “They started pouring in about four hours ago asking to talk to you,” Shark mentioned low as he wiped down the counters. 
      “Why?” Rocky whispered back. 
      Shark shrugged. “My guess it has something to do with that crazy ship parked in the harbor. Whatever is on board that thing is starting to get restless,” he mentioned as he flipped on the TV. 
      Sure enough, the news was televising images of the ship from their helicopter. Several skeletons were beginning to move around on deck. There was a long plank extending from the ship, with the other end firmly on the ground of the dock.
      “Uh, hum,” Rocky grumbled. “Do you have any coffee back there?” he asked as he set the sword gently on the bar top so as to not make any noise. 
      Shark searched behind the bar, digging deep under the counter. “I’ve got this,” he said, setting a dust covered canister of coffee on the bar. “How about some instant?” 
      “Its caffeine,” Rocky returned anxiously. He glanced over his shoulder to the lobby again. “How long have they been here?” he asked.
      “Since around eight this morning. Someone tipped them off that you were hired by the government to work on a solution. I take it that is part of the solution?” Shark asked, motioning to the sword. 
      “I’m not sure. I hope so.” He swiped the cup from the counter and gulped down the coffee before Shark had a chance to set it down in front of him. “So much for getting a shower.” He brushed his hand over his fast-growing beard. “Darn. I guess I’ll swing by Rose’s on the way over to the Serpent’s Cross.”
      Rocky stood, searching for Paz and Sam. He couldn’t find either, which caused him only slight concern. They would probably follow him when he left. He knocked on the bar softly with his clenched hand. 
      “Thanks. Wish me luck,” he whispered. 
      “Hey, head out the back. Less drama,” Shark mentioned, motioning down the hallway used by the staff.
      “Good idea,” Rocky decided. He snuck around to the hallway leading out to the alleyway behind the building, passed Aleece and Melody who were about to ask him a question. He pressed his finger to his lips, then motioned to the lobby.
      Aleece mimicked him with her finger to her lips. “We’ll chat later,” she whispered. She pulled Melody aside to let him pass to the back door. “He’s on the lam,” she explained to Melody.
      The heavy metal door opened with a hard push, revealing Romeo’s van waiting for him just beyond. From around the corner, Rocky noticed several news vans parked so they blocked the alley at the other end. 
      “Get me out of here before they notice I’m here,” Rocky whispered as he jumped into the van. 
      He slammed the van’s squeaky door, stirring the attention of two cameramen sitting in the alley who were taking a smoking break. The two men rose, calling to their cohorts inside the hotel.
      “Drive, drive, drive!” Rocky yelped, motioning to the windshield for Romeo to drive on. 
      Romeo peeled rubber as the van skidded out of the alley. Behind them raced at least twenty reporters, who continued to follow the van halfway down the block on foot. Only when he couldn’t see them in the side mirror did Rocky finally relax back in his seat. 
      “How did you know?” he asked Romeo.
      Romeo didn’t answer right away, his eyes glued to his rear view mirror. “I turned on the news and heard that they were looking for you. Where to now?”
      “Rose’s condo. I need to clean up,” he said as he snapped his seatbelt. Then he realized, “Son of a bitch!”
      “What?”
      “I left the sword in the bar. I need it and there’s not a chance in hell I can go back for it,” Rocky barked. 
      As he spoke, his cell phone rung in his pocket. He grabbed it, seeing it was Shark calling him. “Hey. Yeah, I know. Keep it out of sight. Is there any way you can bring it to Rose’s place? Awe, okay. He knows where it is. My old condo, yeah.”
      “She knows you’re coming?” Romeo asked. 
      “I have a key. It’s an emergency so she won’t hold it against me,” he mentioned. He nervously tapped his index finger along the navy door panel. “Do you know what happened?”
      “As in why the media is camped in your lobby?” Romeo clarified. He turned on the radio in the middle of the cracked dash. 
      “San Francisco is still under siege by an unknown tall ship. There are many who claim the ship is nothing more than an elaborate prank created by local hotel owner, Rocky Rappaport. The self-proclaimed medium is the star of a paranormal investigation TV show, Haunted Ends. Rappaport recently inherited the Juniper Hotel here in the Bay Area, in which he claims to be haunted—“
      Rocky turned off the radio. His left hand flew to his forehead, brushing over his white hair. “They’re claiming I set this all up, huh? Well, they’re giving me a lot more credit than I deserve. Though, if I do live through this, it’s great publicity for the hotel,” he admitted. He paused, thinking. “Thinking about it, where in the hell could I find a ship like that?” 
      “I don’t know about your hotel, but it’s certainly boosted our television ratings,” Romeo pointed out. He stopped in front of Rose’s condo complex, letting Rocky out. “Do you want me to stick around?” he asked. 
      Once again Rocky’s phone buzzed in his front pocket. Immediately he grimaced when he noticed it was from The Shoppe. It was the auto garage who was working on repairing his Corvette. He waved to Romeo. 
      “No, I’ll bum a ride from Wally, thanks,” Rocky called. 
      Romeo drove away while he answered his phone. “Yeah, this is Rocky,” he called. His eyes grew immense as he listened. “Oh man, thanks so much. That’s the best news I’ve heard all week. I’ll be over as soon as I can.”
      “Good news?” Sam’s voice asked from beside him.
      “The best,” Rocky stated, almost elated.
      Sam slowly materialized as they walked into the shadowy hallways leading up to Rose’s condo. By the time they had reached her door, he was fully visible.
      “Where’s the imp?” Rocky asked, looking around for Paz. It wasn’t until then did he realize Paz wasn’t with Sam.
      “I left him at the hotel. He was having fun tormenting the press,” Sam mentioned. “Don’t worry. He said he’d meet us at the docks in an hour. I don’t know about you, but I’m going to relish this hour without him,” he said.
      Rocky knocked on the door. No answer. He knocked again. Still no answer. He unlocked the door and poked his head inside. 
      “Rose, you home?” he called out. Still no answer.
      As soon as he stepped inside the condo, his phone rang.
      “My psychic senses tell me—” Sam said, placing his fingers to his temples. 
      Rocky held out his phone for Sam to see. “Rose.”
      “Nailed it! Actually, I think she’s the psychic,” Sam pointed out. 
      Rocky held the phone to his ear. “Hey ya. Yah, I’m kind of in a bind and I need to use your shower. Well, no. Try running from an crazy mob. I know, like old times, huh? No, I’ll be out of here as soon as I can. Thanks.” He hung up as the front door closed. 
      “How did she know?” Sam asked.
      Rocky leaned back against the front door and pointed up. Above the door was a small internet camera pointed down at the door. “She’s been a bit freaked out over her ex-boyfriend. He broke into the place shortly after she moved in. It’s a long story.”
      He tossed his keys onto the counter like he had when he lived there, accidently hitting a vase. The vase went tumbling off the counter towards the floor. Sam dashed over, catching it before it crashed against the stone flooring.
      Rocky simply stood watching Sam and the vase. He slowly shook his head, no longer able to think straight. 
      “Um, shower,” he said out loud to remind himself. 
      “You do that,” Sam agreed. He may have only known Rocky for a little over a year, but he’d never seen his friend so frazzled. 
      Rocky disappeared into the restroom while Sam waited in the kitchen. For a long moment, Sam stared at the coffeemaker on the counter. It was a pod coffeemaker, something that he had never used when he was alive. He preferred making coffee in his grandmother’s percolator when he was home. The pod machines were just starting to become popular when he was alive, but he never bothered to buy one.
      He examined the controls. On was on, that was easy enough. He lifted the handle in the front of the machine and saw where to put the pod. Beside the machine, Rose kept a rack full of fresh coffee pods. 
      “Light’s green, we’re good to go,” he told himself. He placed the pod in the machine. It immediately began to spill out coffee. It was then Sam realized he had forgotten to place a cup underneath. “AGH!” 
      In a panic, he lifted the handle to stop the flow of coffee. Grounds exploded from the machine, blanketing the floor and the countertops with a muddy mess.
      “Oh, not good. Not good at all. Rose is going to…” he paused, thinking about his next words. He didn’t bother finishing the statement. 
      He grabbed a roll of paper towels and began cleaning the ground first, then the counters. The water of the shower turned off just as he placed another pod into the machine. Once again, it began to spew out coffee and once again he forgot the cup. 
      He dashed to the cabinet where Rocky used to keep the cups, finding it lined with cereal boxes instead. Two more attempts searching through cabinets led him to a travel mug. He set it under the spout, finding it was too large for the machine. Tediously, he held the cup under the coffeemaker until it had been filled half-way. 
      He looked into the cup, sneering. “Talk about a waste of time and money,” he grumbled. He set the cup on the counter and placed another pod into the machine after removing the first. A blue light on the machine began to blink as he held the mug up to it again. He pressed down on the handle, but no coffee came out.
      “What the?” he grumbled. He set the travel mug on the counter again and examined the machine. “Out of water? Well, that’s it then,” he huffed. 
      Within the restroom, Rocky watched as the travel mug floated to the counter. It carefully lowered to the counter.
      “Here. It’s the best I can do,” Sam grumbled, frustrated with the coffee machine and himself for not knowing how to use it.
      Rocky looked inside the cup, grinning. There was only about an inch of coffee inside. “Thanks, buddy. I appreciate the effort,” he said.
      Sam materialized, leaning against the cabinet with his arms crossed over his chest. He rested his head back against the countertop, shaking it back and forth. 
      “You know, I once had a conversation with Melody about cars. She called them “fast moving death traps”. I thought she was being silly about never wanting to ride in one. Then I realized there were no cars when she was alive. She has slowly become a relic of the past. At what point does a ghost become a relic? I’ve only been dead for a little over a year, but I’m having trouble keeping up with technology.” 
      “Did you have difficulty with technology when you were alive?” Rocky asked as he brushed out his long braid.
      Sam shrugged. “I had difficulty with everything, technology, cars, toilets,” he returned.
      “Then you’re not a relic. You’re just you,” Rocky pointed out. He finished braiding his long white hair, noticing several silver strands within his braid. “It figures I’d go gray early,” he huffed. 
      “I always thought you bleached your hair,” Sam mentioned. Rocky’s hair was so white, it didn’t exactly look natural, yet he never had any roots showing.
      Rocky shook his head. “No, it’s natural. My mother had white hair also, but I didn’t expect to go silver. I figured this was the color I was stuck with until I went bald,” he grumbled. 
      “Hey, Rocky, you still here?” Rose called out from the living room. “What the hell happened in here?” she screamed in a tirade. 
      Rocky glared down at Sam, who shrugged. “Did I mention I can’t make coffee?” he grimaced.
      Rose rushed into the restroom, but quickly turned when she saw that Rocky was only wearing a towel. “Oh.”
      “Sam says he’s sorry. He was trying to make me a cup of coffee and it apparently blew up in his face,” Rocky explained.
      “Literally,” Sam grumbled.
      “Oh, well, it happens. I met Wally on the street. He dropped off your… ah, sword? It’s on the sofa. Also, if you need, there are some of your clothes in the bottom of my closet,” she offered. 
      “Why?” Sam questioned skeptically.
      “I never got around to moving everything out yet,” he explained. Rose ignored his chatting with Sam. “Thanks. And…” he held the barely nothing cup of coffee to Rose, “…any chance I could get some? I’m working on two hours sleep for the last three days,” he mentioned. 
      She grinned, smiling an understanding smile. “I let Paul know where you’re hiding out. He’ll be by in a bit to pick you up.”
      “Sure, but first I’ll need him to stop off somewhere before we head over to the ship. It’s in rout,” Rocky mentioned.
      “Where?” Rose questioned.
      Rocky handed her his phone where there was a text message from The Shop. In the message contained an image of his beloved Corvette. He had spent the last year piecing it back together after running into a fire hydrant. 
      “It’s finally finished!” Rose announced, clapping. “Congratulations. Now, how about staying alive long enough to enjoy it?” 
      “You kiddin’? I’ve made arrangements to take it with me when I die,” Rocky joked.
      “You can do that?” Sam questioned, causing both Rocky and Rose to roll their eyes.
      


Chapter Twelve
      Life felt better from the front seat of his Corvette. It didn’t matter if he was driving to the hotel or into the fiery jaws of some hell-beast. For the time he was in the driver’s seat, he felt free. That was up until he pulled into the parking lot of the docks.
      He was immediately stopped by half a dozen armed military personnel, all who found it necessary to aim their weapons directly at Rocky.
      “Aim for my head, please, just don’t shoot the car,” he called out, raising his hands away from the steering wheel.
      The soldier closest to him held his hand to his ear. “You Rocky Rappaport?” he asked. Rocky nodded slowly. “Let him pass,” he said, waving Rocky through the gates.
      All of the soldiers moved aside, allowing Rocky to drive into the parking lot.
      “I didn’t think it was possible, but I’m pretty sure I crapped myself,” Sam spoke up from the passenger’s seat.
      “You’re telling me,” Rocky returned low, knowing that he was being listened to by dozens of microphones. 
      The military had installed security fences around the area to keep out the media and looky-loo’s. Just beyond the fence, he noticed dozens upon dozens of news vans and media pressed against the fence, trying to shoot images of him.
      “What do they say, any press is good press?” Sam mentioned, motioning to the news cameras that were pointing at them through the chain link.
      “Ha!” Rocky grumbled. “I’m an admitted narcissist, but I’m starting to think about becoming a recluse after all of this. This is ridiculous,” he admitted.
      Sam waved his comment away. “Ah, you know you love the attention. Besides, you’d miss girls flashing you all the time,” he pointed out.
      “It’s not all the time, but, yah, it is nice when that happens,” Rocky said as he chuckled. He parked, sitting in his car for a moment to center his thoughts.
      “Ready?” Sam asked, knowing the answer already.
      “No,” Rocky replied.
      “Well, these goons aren’t going to go away by themselves. Let’s go,” Sam encouraged.
      Rocky opened his door and stepped out of the car. Carefully, he closed the door so it wouldn’t slam shut. From his trunk, he removed the sword. As soon as he pulled the sword from his trunk, he could hear the snapping of guns being pulled from their holsters. 
      “Hands where we can see them,” called someone.
      Rocky carefully lifted the sword from the trunk, holding it by the handle as he brought it out. He set the tip facing into the ground so it stood upright in the dirt.
      “It’s kind of necessary,” Rocky called out.
      Paz materialized beside him, causing the military personnel to jump back. “Come on people, back away from the human.”
      “What the hell is that?” someone in the group of military screeched. 
      “The name is Paz,” he introduced with a bow. “And we kind of need this human. So if you’ll kindly step aside,” he continued, forcing everyone to step away from Rocky.
      Rocky lowered his hands, glancing to Paz behind him. “Thanks. I could get used to that.”
      Paz returned to Rocky’s side, nodding as he admired the Corvette. “You know, I know a couple of guys that would pay you top dollar or even favors. You know favors are worth more than—“
      “And so it begins,” Rocky grumbled as he pulled the sword from the ground.
      “What begins?” Paz questioned.
      Sam floated next to them as Rocky and Paz continued to walk through the mess of military guarding the parking lot. 
      “Before he crashed it, Rocky had at least three offers a day for his car,” Sam explained.
      “Well,” Paz glanced back at the car, “I don’t doubt it.”
      The three paused in the middle of the field, watching the ship. Several skeletons rushed to the side of the ship to watch them. 
      “Hey, Henry, looking good,” Paz said as he gave one of the skeletons a thumbs-up. “Take a little advice, don’t have your wives executed. King or not, it’s a little frowned upon,” he mentioned, motioning up to the skeleton he was calling to. 
      “That’s not really an option anymore,” Rocky grumbled. “So, what’s the plan?”
      “Too bad. Um, well, I thought I’d go have a chat with Captain Helter like Dergo mentioned. Maybe I can convince him to leave? There’s always a possibility,” Paz offered.
      “Why didn’t we try this to begin with? It would have saved us a lot of time and effort,” Rocky grumbled as he held back a sneeze tickling his left nostril. The weeds and grass in the open area were suddenly playing havoc with his allergies. He sneezed loudly, sending all around him into pandemonium. Once again, Rocky had to raise his hands for fear of being shot. 
      “Sorry!” he called out.
      “Um, I’m just goina’,” Paz whispered to Sam, motioning to the ship. He disappeared, leaving Sam and Rocky to fend for themselves.
      “You’ve got to be…” Paul began from behind, holding onto Rocky’s shoulder. “I’ve got them. He’s with me,” he called to the military.
      “Are we glad to see you,” Sam spoke up in his loud human voice.
      “I’d say the same, but…” Paul paused, glancing down at the sword. “Is that a Garriath sword?”
      “A what?” Rocky questioned.
      “A Garraith, it’s a… legend. It’s said to destroy those without souls or something like that,” Paul explained.
      “And you know this how?” Rocky continued to question, finding it rather unusual that a police detective would know the paranormal realm, let alone anything about a supernatural sword.
      Paul shrugged away the question. “I was really into video games while I was going through my divorce. A similar sword was something I had to search for on a quest once,” he admitted.
      Paz materialized between Paul and Rocky. 
      “What did you find out?” Sam started.
      Paz fanned himself. “Is it warm? It feels warm,” he began. “No? Must be me then. Um, oh, the ship. Seems they figured out the mix up with your friend and the demon who took over his body. They did an audit of the crew and realized they were down one soul. The ship led them here looking for him. All you need to do is turn him over to Captain Helter and they’ll be on their way,” he explained.
      “You know Arthur won’t go willingly, even if we can find him again. What then?” Rocky asked in an urgent whisper as Paul and now Lieutenant Vargas listened in.
      Paz grimaced. “Let’s just say you have seventeen hours until you know what starts to come ashore,” he said, motioning to the skeletons. “But I guarantee you won’t like what they have planned,” he warned.
      “Great,” Sam grumbled.
       “Okay. Looks like you’ve been doing your homework. Did your,” Paul paused to clear his throat, “associate find out what we can do if they come ashore?”
      “The ship is here searching for a missing soul. They’re not leaving until they find it. The problem is that the soul in question has skipped town. We have seventeen hours to find him or they’ll,” Rocky motioned to the ship, “start ripping apart the city to find him.”
      “Well, where is this soul in question?” Lieutenant Vargas questioned.
      Sam shrugged. “Search me. He’s a notorious body hopper. He could be anywhere. The point is we’re not going to get him back.”
      Both Sam and Rocky turned to Paz. The demon shook his head. “I’m finished doling out freebies. If you want my help now it will cost you.”
      “How much?” Rocky questioned, his eyes glaring down at the demon. He knew the creature wasn’t going to help them forever. 
      “A favor,” Paz decided. “A favor I can ask for whenever I need it.”
      “Rocky, don’t,” Sam warned. 
      “Yah, Rocky, don’t,” Paul also warned. He pulled Rocky aside. “He could ask you to do something immoral or even illegal. He might have you even kill someone,” he added.
      “I’ve never killed anyone, thank you very much. Even when I wanted to,” Paz whispered in threatening tones as he materialized between them. 
      “Fine, one favor,” Rocky agreed. 
      Paz slapped his hands together with his delight. “Perfect. Now, what you need is a demon with a soul,” he mentioned.
      Rocky shook his head. “That’s an oxi-moron if I ever heard one. There aren’t any in existence.”
      “Then we need the next best thing, a human who can see the dead,” Paz pointed out.
      “Me? Why me?” Rocky questioned, not actually wanting to hear an answer. There wasn’t an answer on the planet that would make him feel comfortable.
      Paz turned to him, his hands on his scaly hips. “Out of the three of us who can see the dead, I don’t have a soul and Sam doesn’t have a body. Both are requirements to use that sword of yours. Which means—“
      Rocky glanced to the ship in disgust. “I’m screwed.”
      Paz patted Rocky’s calf. “You’ll do fine. Trust me. As long as you haven’t done anything in your past you regret, you’ll be fine.”
      Rocky’s eyes widened as he looked down at the little demon. “Regret?”
      Paz pointed to the sword. “Don’t worry about it, you have this.”
      Rocky held it up in the sunlight, noticing the sword’s blade was growing red as he held it. 
      “You do realize the only sword he’s ever swung was attached to a joystick?” Sam pointed out as he floated up beside Paz and Paul.
      “What’s a joystick?” Paz questioned. “Nah, just joking with you. It’s easy. Keep your eye on your target, follow through and never let go.”
      “What will happen if I let go?” Rocky questioned in a panic.
      Paz glanced away, not wanting to answer. 
      “Don’t let go,” Paul chimed in. “If you let go, they can take your soul straight from your body.”
      Paz pointed at Paul, amused that he knew so much. “Kingdom of Talligan?” he asked, referring to the video game Paul used to play. Paul shyly nodded, not wanting to admit to it. “I knew that game would come in handy,” he smirked.
      

Chapter Thirteen
      With tedious steps, Rocky walked up the main gangway to the deck of the Serpent’s Cross. He glanced over his shoulder back to the park where everyone watched him. To his right, in the distance, he could see the sun’s light glistening off the calm water. To his left, the same sunlight bounced harshly off the lens of the video camera held by the news crews. 
      “Just my luck, I’m going to die live on television,” he grumbled. 
      He stepped onto the deck and was instantly met by sixteen very gruesome looking skeletons. “Hey, fellows, been dead long?” he asked. He was met by grunts and groaning from the skeletons. “Everyone’s a critic. Um, is your captain around by chance?” he asked. 
      One rather grizzly skeleton grunted, motioning for Rocky to follow him. He led Rocky to the back of the ship where Captain Helter himself was relaxing with a bit of tea. The old sea captain glanced up at Rocky with hollowed eyes. There was barely any flesh covering his bones. That which was there looked more like tanned leather than skin. 
      The captain inhaled deeply, then turned away, tittering with his amusement. “Nice sword,” he commented. “You know our Arthur? I can smell his cowardice on your soul. Pray it doesn’t sink in,” he warned.
      “Yes, well, we don’t much like him either, but he’s taken off. We can’t find him,” Rocky explained.
      “Well,” Captain Helter motioned behind Rocky to a rather unusual, yet familiar, assortment of standing bones. “It’s been, what, six-hundred years and your soul is still a coward,” he told the skeleton. 
      The skeleton was so worn and shabby, there wasn’t a scrap of skin or muscle left on him. He shook his head. It nearly fell from his spine.
      “Rocky Rappaport, that’s what they call you, hum? Well, Mr. Rappaport, you see we’re in a bit of an impasse. I can’t leave without that soul and you can’t find him. Which means,” he slowly rose, his leg bones clanking together beneath his threadbare black trousers as he stood. He snapped his fingers together beneath his leather gloves. 
      All of the sudden the skeletons began to creep towards Rocky, “We’re going to need a replacement,” the Captain announced.
      Rocky held tight to his sword, ready for any skeleton to lay a finger on him. As soon as one did, he chopped it off. One after another, the skeleton crew chased after him. He held tight to the sword, so tight that his fingers began to bleed. 
      Six skeletons jumped on top of Rocky, knocking him to the deck. He could feel their sharp bones gouging into his flesh, but he kept swinging. Then there was silence.
      It took Rocky several minutes to force his eyes open. Above him, he could see a white seagull circling. There was no noise, nothing that caused him to believe anything stirred around him. Light flashed around him as he went flying into the air. He looked down, seeing the grass of the park fast approaching.
      He tumbled back to the grassy lands, hearing his left shoulder snap upon impact. The sword flew from his hand, landing several feet away. He grabbed onto his shoulder, rolling onto his back. Then he made the mistake of looking up again, wishing he hadn’t.
      The old captain glared down at Rocky with hollowed eyes. One by one he stretched out his boney fingers over Rocky’s energy-spent body, slowly dragging up his soul like a mystical cloud. Rocky’s entire body arched skywards, unable to move.
      The ground beneath the park began to quake. Out of the corner of his eye, he could just make out a black orb about the size of his Corvette. From the orb appeared a tall, pale man wearing dark pants and a long, black duster coat. An old fashion cowboy hat shielded his face from the sunlight.
      As the cowboy walked closer, the sound of his spurs echoed throughout the park. He stopped on the other side of Rocky, standing directly in front of Captain Helter. All he did was shake his head no to the captain.
       Rocky dropped to the ground, the mystical cloud falling back into Rocky’s body. He rolled over onto his stomach, heaving for breath. For a long moment Rocky remained perfectly still, feeling the two still lingering above him. In the distance, he could see Sam and everyone else within his blurred vision. The all seemed to be held back by a forcefield, unable to help him. Sam watched with an expression of horror. Paz watched, unfazed by the events. 
      A gentle tap came to Rocky’s left shoulder. He jumped, spinning to his left. There still stood the pale man in the cowboy hat. He was holding his hand out to Rocky, offering to help him stand. Rocky turned to look for the captain, who was now floating back to his ship.
      “What… just happened?” he gasped as he took the man’s gloved hand. 
      “He won’t be botherin’ you again, son. You get along now and leave those soulless bastards to me,” the cowboy said as he faded away.
      For a long while, Rocky stared at where he last saw the cowboy, completely dumbfounded. 
      Cautiously, Sam floated over to Rocky, staring at the same empty space as his friend. “Who was that?” Sam asked in gasping words.
      Rocky slowly shook his head. “Beats me. Whoever he was just saved my life.”
      A loud creaking sound caused them both to turn to the ship. The anchor was being hoisted out of the water. It drifted backwards from the dock and out to sea.
      On the bow of the ship they could just make out the image of Captain Helter peering blankly out at the open water before him. He didn’t bother to look back at Rocky, just kept his eyes set for the horizon.
      “He has no crew. What do you think he’ll do now?” Sam questioned.
      Rocky slowly took an agonizing step. His left ankle wasn’t broken, but it was definitely badly bruised. From the way his spine snapped as he stood, he could tell he was also going to need a chiropractor. 
      “To gather a new crew, I suppose. Something tells me we won’t see the last of him,” Rocky said. He reached out to hold onto Sam’s shoulder, amused to find it was whole for a moment until he was able to gain his balance. 
      “That’s new,” Rocky mentioned amused.
      Sam grinned. “Yah, Paz taught me. It takes a lot of energy, but… it’s well worth it sometimes,” he paused, noticing a swarm of military and police heading their way. “Let’s get you home,” he offered.
      “Why? Don’t you like it here?” Rocky joked.
      Sam stammered a bit. “Right. Besides, you really stink.”
      “I stink?” Rocky sniffed his underarm, reeling back from the smell. “Wow, I smell like I died or something.”
      “I think you did there for a minute,” Sam pointed out. 
      Rocky paused, looking around for any sign of Paz. “Where did that little creep get to?” he asked.
      Sam shrugged as they continued to walk. “He took one look at that guy with the cowboy hat and took off. He said something about him being the Marshal.”
      “The Marshal? I remember hearing mention of him before. Oh well, good riddance. Again, I doubt we’ve seen the last of him,” Rocky grumbled.
      “ROCKY!” Paul called as a group of fifteen armed military and police raced towards them.
      Rocky raised his hand. “It’s alright. We managed to convince him to leave,” he called back.
      The group converged around him. Paul immediately wrapped his arm around Rocky to hold him upright. “What happened?” he asked.
      Rocky waved his hand toward the ship that was drifting off into the horizon. “You know, I really don’t know,” he said, slurring his words. It was as if his body had no energy.
      “Hold on. Let’s get you checked out,” Paul offered as someone called for a paramedic. “What is that smell? You smell like—“
      “Death. He smells like death,” Sam spoke up, startling everyone around him. “Oh, come on. He did say we. You should have expected I’d be around.”
      

Chapter Fourteen
      Later that evening, Rocky limped into the Juniper and immediately shuffled into the bar. He plopped down in one of the armchairs, not caring if he was still bleeding or how bad he smelled. 
      Wally rose up from behind the bar, examining his grandson with steely eyes. 	“Beer or bourbon?” he questioned. 
      “Bourbon and make it a double,” Rocky returned as he removed a lock of hair from the bandage covering his left cheek. His left arm hung in a sling held around his neck.
      Wally poured the bourbon for Rocky then one for himself. Realizing Rocky was in no position to stand, he walked the drink over to him, then took up the adjoining seat.
      “That son-of-a-bitch sea captain gone?” Wally asked. Rocky grunted. “You look like you just got back from war. Smell like it too,” he mentioned.
      “Yah, sorry. In a way I did,” Rocky returned, his voice vibrating within the glass as he sipped his bourbon. He lowered his glass. “I died today,” he mentioned.
      His comment forced his grandfather to look in his direction. “Say again?”
      Rocky nodded slowly, his eyes focused on the jukebox. “Yep. For about five seconds my soul left my body. It was an odd sensation. If I wasn’t scared shitless, I would have found it… well, I would have found it something. I’m not sure what words I could use to describe it.”
      “How’d you get whole again?” Wally asked, his full attention on his grandson.
      Rocky shook his head slowly. He took another sip, then sat back. “Some dead dude in a cowboy hat waltzed out of a porthole and challenged the Captain as he was sucking the soul from my body. The captain dropped my soul, backed away, then left. The Cowboy left shortly after.” He paused for a moment, then began to chuckle. “I always thought I would die young, but I never thought I’d be killed by a demon. Well…” he raised his drink as if to call his drinking a demon.
      “You’re a lot better than you used to be,” Wally mentioned as he pushed his frail body out of his chair. “Now what? You done now? Did that cursed ship leave?”
      Rocky nodded, his mind distant as he watched the main doors of the hotel through the bar’s open doorway. One of the doors was slightly open and a breeze was blowing it so the chimes on the door kept ringing. 
      “I sleep; forget about ghosts and demons for a few hours. When I wake up, I’ll start helping plan a Halloween party that will rock the dead,” he decided. 
      “You’re still planning to open the Juniper on time?” Wally asked, slightly shocked that Rocky would think of such a thing.
      Rocky shrugged. “Why not? Sam and I are just the faces of this place. You guys have done all the work. I’m sure everything will go as planned.”
      “Sure,” Wally returned skeptically.
      “Uh…” Paz called from the doorway. “There is a little matter of the favor you owe me.”
      Rocky’s head immediately fell back against his seat. “Shit,” he grumbled. He turned to Paz, glaring at him. “What do you want?” he asked within a disgruntled sigh.
      “I need a lift to the airport. Remember, I have a party I need to get to?” he mentioned.
      “Is that all?” he asked. 
      Paz nodded. “That’s all.”
      “Hey, Sam, you around?” Rocky called out.
      Sam materialized, sitting in the armchair beside Rocky. “What’s up?” he asked.
      Rocky pulled out his keys to his Honda and handed them to Sam. “Do me a favor, drop Paz off at the airport.”
      Sam took the keys, his eyes wide with amazement. “Me drive your car?” he gasped.
      “Sure. You’ll have a better chance of getting it there in one piece than I would right now. Just try not to scratch it, would you?” Rocky requested.
      “Sure thing. Great! Let’s go!” Sam screeched, waving for Paz to follow him out into the alley where the car was parked.
      Wally shot Rocky a bewildered glare. “You sure about that?” he asked low.
      Rocky shook his head. “I have my Vet back. I don’t really care. Besides, if he does trash it, the car’s insured. And who would ever question a ghost was driving?” he pointed out.  

95

